Your responsibilities include:
Your qualifications.  &#65533; High School education &#65533; Certification in sports equipment service an asset &#65533; Knowledge of sporting equipment is essential; participation in sports an assest &#65533; Your dependable nature means you&#65533;re always on time and always ready to do your part &#65533; Excellent interpersonal skills.
your phone servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Your main responsibilities include:
Your cover letter is very important to us- tell us about your interests, hobbies and the things you like to do in your spare time  
Your claim to fame: a creative powerhouse with a mean aesthetic streak. <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
You&#65533;ve heard the news about the financial markets, but did you know that the demand for financial planners has never been higher and that Investors Group is continuing to grow and offer career opportunities?  applications@plan.ca
You would.........
You will provide office support to a team of realtors, provide superior customer service to clients, and work independently in a fast paced environment.
You will be working in the lower mainland (Richmond-Vancouver-Surrey-Coquitlam) area and must  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
You will be responsible for:
You will be having fun while performing at events of your own choosing. We do not expect you to be available every weekend. Mainly weekends. We have the occasional weekday event. We also have events at other cities which you may choose to perform at for up to $400/event. 
You will be asked to work in 2.5 hour shifts on weekday afternoons, 1 to 2 days per week and you must be able to make a minimum 12 month commitment. You will also require your own reliable transportation and a criminal record check. 
YOU WILL BE : 
You should possess 
You should have 
You should enjoy working in a fast-paced environment and have experience in multi-tasking and prioritizing tasks. We require a strong team player who works well under pressure and has excellent interpersonal skills and holds:
YOU SHOULD BE/HAVE:
you provide, a positive attitude, eager to learn, eager to work, understanding of customer service, pride in your work, basic hand tools, steel toed work shoes required.
You noticed how a lot of the on line application they ask when you finished high school or graduated???  Reason being is because they are not allowed to ask your age.
You MUST:
You must:
You must have:
You must have excellent organization and planning abilities as well as strong communication skills with the ability to make balanced decisions in a timely manner; 
You must have a positive attitude, a willingness to learn, a high level of energy, a fun & creative side, good attention to detail and a desire to make a difference in the life of a child. You must also be great at play!!! This is a fun, challenging and rewarding position. 
You must be very energetic and able to manage your time well. 
You must be familiar with software applications such as Windows Server/antivirus/Citrix, Fortigate, Visual Basic, and SQL script.
You must be available evenings, weekends and Holidays.  Experience, knowledge of beer, wine, spirits is an asset.  Heavy lifting is required.  English is required, Mandarin/Cantonese is an asset.
You may contact me at:604-988-6008
You just found us. 
You have a diploma in Electrical Engineering Technology or Control Systems Technology, with a Power Option, or an Electronics Engineering Technician supplemented by a couple of years related experience in a production or industrial environment, and have a good understanding of 3-phase power. You are highly organized, precise and detail-oriented, and, ideally, have experience interacting with customers. You are a self-starter and have a can-do attitude.  lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
You enjoy sales and service, following current events, and learning something new everyday.  You are well-read, confident, curious, tenacious and an effective communicator able to sell intangibles. 
You bring with you: 
You are the face that represents the Brand. 
You are able to:
You are a skilled PHP developer that is comfortable in web frameworks, patterns and exercises best practices. You have experience working with Magento / Drupal or other similar systems. You are not afraid to pull either of these frameworks apart, figure out how they work and build something better. You are a careful, conscientious worker who values quality but also is mindful of timelines. job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
You are a proactive and dependable, always prepared for all incoming shipment material from our vendors and suppliers. Your have good attention to detail as record keeping is a critical part of your job. You provide excellent customers service, are a team player and have great relationship with your coworkers. 
You :
YMCA of Greater Vancouver
YMCA of Greater Vancouver
www.webtechwireless.com 
www.VantageResourcing.com 
www.sani-service.com
www.responsesolutions.ca 
www.joneve.com
www.joneve.com
www.blackbearpub.com
www.amix.ca
www.amix.ca
www.amix.ca
Write specifications, if and when needed, for local development and ensure that Technical Consultants have a clear understanding of these specifications.  anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
Wrapping Pallets
WPCG is looking for a Business Analyst for one of our Lower Mainland clients.
WPCG is currently seeking a Senior Project Manager - Financial Systems on behalf of our Lower Mainland client.
WPCG is currently searching for a Business Analyst/Project Manager on behalf of our Lower Mainland client. 
WPCG is a specialized recruitment and search firm in the areas of Accounting & Finance, Information Technology, and Supply Chain. Visit www.wpcg.ca for other exciting career opportunities. We provide opportunity for our clients and employees to grow.
WPCG is a specialized recruitment and search firm in the areas of Accounting & Finance, Information Technology, and Supply Chain. Visit www.wpcg.ca for other exciting career opportunities. We provide opportunity for our clients and employees to grow.
WPCG is a specialized recruitment and search firm in the areas of Accounting & Finance, Information Technology, and Supply Chain. Visit www.wpcg.ca for other exciting career opportunities. We provide opportunity for our clients and employees to grow.
Works with franchise owners individually, their advertising Co-operatives and advertising agencies to develop, execute and analyze local media plans, as well as local store marketing activities.
Working with delivery drivers
Working knowledge of ADMSTM / Central Admin (Capable) 
Working in the role of full-time Sales Trainee/Outside Sales, you will have the opportunity to learn and grow with a leading industrial and supplies distributor. Fastenal Company is currently seeking candidates for a Sales Trainee/Outside Sales position at our store located at 36 East 5th Avenue, Vancouver, BC, V5T 1G8. 
Working for Concord will allow you to enjoy several different benefits that are geared to showing our employees that we value their service and are continually seeking out new ways to improve your experience with the company.
Work your own hours on your own time from home.
Work Setting: Private Residence 
Work Setting: Finance and insurance, Retail or wholesale sales and services anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
Work Location Information: Urban area
Work Location Information: Room and board provided ($325 per month) 
work is very busy. fuel cards supplied by company. contact me for more details
Work is in Kitsilano y Downtown Vancouver. 
Work in a team environment under the direction of the Chief Estimator.  info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Work hours:
Work Hours
Work from your own home. Your own hours.
Work for an industry leader and help save the planet by being a part of the largest scrap metal recycling company in BC. Family owned and operated, we have been in business for nearly 40 years. We crush and recycle over 100,000 vehicles per year. Other areas of our business include demolition of mine and mill sites world-wide, surplus steel sales out of our Chilliwack facility and a water business division that has the capacity to move vast quantities of material quickly and efficiently.
Work for an industry leader and help save the planet by being a part of the largest scrap metal recycling company in BC. Family owned and operated, we have been in business for nearly 40 years. We crush and recycle over 100,000 vehicles per year. Other areas of our business include demolition of mine and mill sites world-wide, surplus steel sales out of our Chilliwack facility and a water business division that has the capacity to move vast quantities of material quickly and efficiently.
Work for an industry leader and help save the planet by being a part of the largest scrap metal recycling company in BC. Family owned and operated, we have been in business for nearly 40 years. We crush and recycle over 100,000 vehicles per year. Other areas of our business include demolition of mine and mill sites world-wide, surplus steel sales out of our Chilliwack facility and a water business division that has the capacity to move vast quantities of material quickly and efficiently.
Work Environment: On-site, full-time, downtown Vancouver  ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
Work Environment: applications at plan dot ca
Work directly with both subcontractors and customers 
Work Conditions and Physical Capabilities: Fast-paced environment, Work under pressure, Tight deadlines, Attention to detail info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Work as a team to achieve sales targets 
Work as a team to achieve sales targets 
women using naturally attractive humor techniques. sf2605 at gmail dot com
With the holiday season approaching, we will require part time staff to assist our fulltime team members.
with resume
With growth comes opportunity! We are looking for an enthusiastic individual to add value to Amix&#65533;s commitment to recycling. You will work in our busy Surrey shop to maintain/repair our onsite heavy duty equipment and assist with our commercial fleet.   minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
With growth comes opportunity! We are looking for an enthusiastic individual to add value to Amix&#65533;s commitment to recycling. You will work in our busy Chilliwack shop to maintain/repair our commercial fleet.  
with flexible hours 
Windows, MAC, Linux, Unix, Hardware, Internet, Servers, Applications - desktop , File management software, Security software, Multimedia Software, Word processing software , Presentation software, Office Suites, Mail server software, Electronic mailing software, Electronic scheduling software, Communication software, Image editing software, Programming software, HTML editing software, Web site creation and management software, Desktop publishing software, Database software, Programming languages, Software development 
Willing to work business hours 
Willing to develop new skills 
Will pay $20 per hour. Will take 1 to 3 hours.
will be on the sales floor both assisting customers and processing sales.
Why: The opportunity to meet new people, make the community a better place and contribute to the fight against cancer! 
Why should you work here? 
Why Join WIND Mobile? 
Why Join WIND Mobile? bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
WHY JOIN OUR TEAM: As BC&#65533;s largest security organization, Commissionaires BC, provides comprehensive security solutions that integrate highly trained people and technology. We are dedicated to providing employment for Canadians with varied backgrounds, including responsible citizens, students, seniors, and ex-servicemen. 
Why Airport Retail? 
Who: Volunteers of All Ages*  jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Who you are. You&#65533;re just as good with people as you are with your hands. After all, it&#65533;s your job to interact with customers, assess their needs, and then setup, repair, and maintain their sporting equipment. In helping athletes get back to living &#65533;The Power of Sport&#65533;, all safety measures will be taken to ensure their equipment is serviced to the manufacturer&#65533;s specifications. 
Who we want:
WHO WE ARE:
Who is Aldeasa? 
who has a attention to detail and can learn to move at an above average pace. must have own vehicle and
While you will be responsible for taking and scheduling appointments, you will not be making sales calls. mhr85@shaaw.ca
While we thank everyone who applies, only successful candidates will be contacted for an interview.
While we thank everyone who applies, only successful candidates will be contacted for an interview. job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
While we thank all those for their applications and interests in the role; only those short listed will be contacted for an interview. 
While we thank all those for their applications and interests in the role; only those short listed will be contacted for an interview.  servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
While we sincerely appreciate every application, only candidates chosen for an interview with be contacted. industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
While specific programming skills are not essential, you do need a solid understanding of software applications with an emphasis on web technologies.
Whether you are looking for a full-time career, a great part-time job, or seasonal job, the position of a Marciano Sales Associate is the most important position in our company. 
whether or not you have a vehicle
Where: West Vancouver Future Shop 
Where: IKEA Richmond, 3200 Sweden Way, Richmond 
Where: Dr Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver. 
Where: Dr Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver.  coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
Where: Dr Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver.  <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Where: Dr Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver. 
Where:  Dr. Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver. Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
Where:  Dr. Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver.
Where:  Dr Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver.
When: Tuesday, November 23 &#65533; Thursday, December 23 
When: Saturday, November 13, 2010  hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
When: Saturday, November 13, 2010 
When: Saturday, November 13, 2010 
When: Saturday, November 13, 2010 
When: Saturday November 13th, 2010 
When:  Saturday, November 13, 2010 ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
When:  Saturday, November 13, 2010
When:  Saturday, November 13, 2010
When you reply to the email please let us know how much you charge per hour. This is key!!
What's with Westward????? You wonder why do they keep advertising in this economy they can't find the right person? resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
What: IKEA Richmond Christmas Tree Lot 
What&#65533;s in it for you:  
What you'll bring to the team:
What you'll be responsible for: resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
What you&#65533;ll get. &#65533; Competitive salary &#65533; Discounts on all the latest gear &#65533; A fun, fast paced environment &#65533; Hands on training 
What you&#65533;ll do. &#65533; Deal with customers in a friendly and professional manner &#65533; Fill out proper documentation for receiving, servicing, and returning customers products &#65533; Apply knowledge to recommend the right service for customers&#65533; needs &#65533; Carry out service and repairs in a professional and timely fashion &#65533; Maintain a clean and organized service area. 
What you bring to the team:
What we&#65533;re looking for  
What we offer? 
What we offer;
What We Offer  
What We Offer 
What we need:
What we have to Offer  jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
What we ask of you: 
What is the job? 
What is the government doing to help those who have run out of their UI's?
What Do You Want? 
What do you require? 
What are we looking for from you? 
We've created a fun, casual work environment that lets you work to your maximum potential. We work together, inspiring and mentoring each other to build great products, having fun along the way and celebrating our successes. This is a great opportunity to join an unbeatable team who cares as much about getting a job well done as you do. Ideally located in the heart of Gastown, we have a great open office layout in a building that's close to all major transit services.
We've been in the business for 10 solid years and have the best commission in the industry, the best leads, and the best verifiers!  heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
Westward is looking for a Tax Associate. In this role the Tax Associate is to fulfill all jobs duties requested by tax supervisor and tax partner, provide prospects and clients the best service, and contribute to Westwards growth. 
Westward Advisors Ltd. is Canada&#65533;s leading provider of insurance-based tax and estate planning solutions. Our advisors provide independent advice to determine the best insurance-based tax and estate plan for our client&#65533;s business and family. 
Westward Advisors Ltd. 
We're not running a charity here!!
We're looking for: 
We're looking for: 
Were looking for self-motivated individuals to assist with new campaigns! 
We're looking for permanent part-time crew, for Friday nights to Sundays (weekends mainly) children's entertainment, including amateur magicians, face painters, balloon benders.
Were looking for outgoing, enthusiastic and friendly people to be our customer service representatives! 
We're looking for a natural thinker, a problem solver, a pencil behind the ear, right foot, left foot, gore-tex jacket wearing type. Someone who thinks in CAD and gets emotional looking at blue prints. Someone to contact both existing & new customers and find out what they need to get their next project done.  
We're looking for a leader. No ordinary leader, but one that can inspire, coach and develop team members, drive sales and ensure our clients always have an exceptional experience. 
We're looking for a Full Time Dishwasher at our Robson street, Vancouver Store location. 
We're excited to meet the best teachers in town. Please apply soon! 
Well Presented 
Well organized; detail oriented; effective verbal and communication skills; commitment to providing effective customer service; 
Well organized and hands-on with a strong ability to multi-task 
Well organized and hands-on with a strong ability to multi-task  144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
Well groomed.
WELCOME TO THE ACQUISITION GROUP one of the fastest growing sales & marketing firms looking to fill entry level Administration, sales and marketing positions. We specialize in sales and client acquisition; we are looking for fresh talent. Deal with existing customers - show our competition what you've got. 
-Weekly pay (hourly + tips + gas allowance) 
Weekends Anytime up to 7pm.
WebTech Wireless is a dynamic and growing international company with an experienced and dedicated global team. If you&#65533;re looking for a challenging career and a great place to work, then you&#65533;ve come to the right place. We offer the opportunity to work with a motivated team, eager to master emerging technologies and build leading edge solutions. We are driven to succeed and our diversity brings creativity to that pursuit. We offer a range of career and skill development possibilities, with competitive benefits packages, and a comfortable work environment. Our competitive benefits package includes an employee referral program, competitive vacation allowances, healthcare benefits, and more. 
Web Site: http://www.quayproperty.net
We&#65533;ve recently launched our website and have a talented crew of writers and bloggers, but we need more.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We&#65533;re looking to take Canada by storm with our team of highly motivated mobile consultants. It is our mission to 
We&#65533;re looking for both seasoned and novice writers. Anyone who wants to write for us on an ongoing basis, or perhaps has just one great story idea. Either way, email us at bloggerjob@hotmail.com to send us any writing samples or story pitches. 
We&#65533;re looking for a particularly well turned out, sharply tuned someone. A concept happy MAC user with a &#65533;brand&#65533; friendly background and a palette of creativity.  Someone with discretion, energy and a refined streak like a robust Merlot. Capable of planning a wine tasting a week, designing compelling sales collateral and a pointed advertising campaign to deliver.
We&#65533;re in the business of providing our readers with fresh and relevant content, every day. 
We would love to meet you! 
We would love to meet you! 
We wish to thank all candidates for their interest but only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted.  No phone calls or recruitment agencies will be accepted.  Thank you for your understanding. enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
We will provide: 
We will provide extensive training, uniform and staff meal discounts. Wok Box is a fun, busy and energetic place to work. Pay is $8.00/hr plus great tips. 
We will provide 100% of the training for the right candidates and will provide fast track to management for the brightest.
-we want to create a fun, comfortable and relaxed atmosphere while delivering the highest quality results on our clients!
We thank you for your application; however due to the high volume of applications received, only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
We thank all those who apply, but only those who are shortlisted for an interview will be contacted.
We thank all applicants, but only those that we feel are suitable will be contacted for these positions. 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only short-listed candidates will be contacted for an interview. 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those meeting our needs will be contacted.
We thank all applicants for their interest, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
We thank all applicants for their interest, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.
We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.  alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only short-listed candidates will be contacted for an interview. 
We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only short-listed candidates will be contacted for an interview. 
We thank all applicants for their interest, however only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. This posting will close November 26th, 2010 resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
We thank all applicants for their interest in joining the Black Bear Crew; however, only those candidates selected for an  applications@plan.ca
We thank all applicants for their interest but only short listed candidates will be contacted.  Please no phone calls or office visits pertaining to this posting.  PCIS is committed to employment equity and make every attempt to allow equal representation for all within the workplace.
We thank all applicants for their interest but only short listed candidates will be contacted.  Please no phone calls or office visits pertaining to this posting.  PCIS is committed to employment equity and make every attempt to allow equal representation for all within the workplace
We supply everything you will need as well as training. We have lots of flexability and offer a friendly work environment.
We Supply
We specialize in public relations! Working with customers face-to-face is what we love to do.  <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
We service the entire Vancouver area.
We reward self-starters, firecrackers, collaborators and life enthusiasts. We can&#65533;t abide stagnancy or bureaucracy. We thrive on change and ambitious goals.
We require a minimum of a one year commitment, but are hoping for longer.
We recognize our employees by providing an above average industry compensation package including:
We really appreciate the person who helps us care for our kids and clean our home! Looking forward to hearing from you!
We provide on going training, a service vehicle,uniforms,benefits package, and wage depending on level of experience and proficiency.
We provide Microsoft Software Solutions & Hosting (Cloud Computing) Solutions company, we provide packaged and custom Microsoft Dynamics erp / crm solutions.
We provide electrical in residential, commercial and industrial installations. 
We provide an online based platform where it is very easy for small business owners with limited computer knowledge to update their website without the headache of hiring a professional. We offer comprehensive technical support for our clients, as well as marketing support, such as utilizing social media and basic SEO. 
We provide a paid 2 week training period, benefits after 6 months, and a great work environment.
We offer:
We offer: anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
We offer you benefits, a competitive start rate and flexibility. We have created a work environment that respects our team of professionals and provides opportunities for enriching skills and allowing commissionaires to achieve their personal goals.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We offer you a flexible schedule, and excellent hourly wage. 
We offer the lowest rate to trainers in the city and have a facility over 40,000 sq. feet.  Probably one of the biggest gym floors in the city with great oppurtunity to train your own clients as well as our members.  
We offer compettive rates and an extended benefits package.
We offer competitive wages, sick days and reminbursement for professional development.
We offer competetive wages and a great work environment. If you are looking for a self-starter looking for a company they can grow with.
We offer an excellent training program, fun staff incentives, tip pool, and great staff discounts! 
We offer an attractive wage, a range of benefits as well as the opportunity to expand upon your knowledge and experience in a growing industry.
We offer a great benefits package and a dynamic, fun team to work with. 
We offer a comprehensive salary and benefits package, excellent training and opportunities for advancement and are an award winning employer with over 9,200 employees from coast-to-coast. We have been providing expert building maintenance and complete janitorial services for over 42 years to a variety of clients. 
We offer a comprehensive salary and benefits package, excellent training and opportunities for advancement and are an award winning employer with over 9,200 employees from coast-to-coast. We have been providing expert building maintenance and complete janitorial services for over 42 years to a variety of clients. 
We offer a competitive salary, company benefits, commissions and bonus's, as well as a company car, gas card & phone.  cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
We offer a competitive benefit and salary package, a great working environment and room to grow! If you are interested in applying for this position, please send your resume and cover letter to jobs@dickslumber.com and quote posting number 2010.1105.01 in the subject line of the email.
We need: jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
We need Hard Working, Friendly, Detailed Cleaners to join us and we are open 7 Days a week 8am to 6pm...Being flexable with shifts asset. 
We need hard working, energetic & friendly people who like working with the public face-face. 
We need a trained sound tech with mixing and boom operating experience.
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.  Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday. <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
We look forward to seeing you at our hiring hall on Saturday, November 13, 2010. 
We look forward to seeing you at our hiring hall on Saturday, November 13, 2010. 
We like experience in either Retail Sales, Hospitality and or Customer Service but this is NOT ESSENTIAL if you have **Personality Plus** 
We have work booked for the next 3-4 months. 
We have to pay by cheque and we need to record the person's SIN.
We have several different clients looking for Forklift Operators in Richmond and Delta. dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
We have flexible hours and are willing to work with a great Esthetician and Receptionist's schedule. 
We have elementary to high school students. 
We have day and night shifts, all work is local. 
We have an opportunity for an individual to fill the role as a traveling service technician. The chosen individual will perform several in-home service calls in the Greater Vancouver area daily. To be qualified to apply for this position you will need to meet the following requirements:  resumes@fraserway.com
We have an opening for an experienced part-time retail sales consultant. The successful applicant will have a minimum of two years retail sales experience and excellent customer service skills. This is a permanent position. 
We have an opening for an experienced part-time retail sales consultant. The successful applicant will have a minimum of two years retail sales experience and excellent customer service skills. This is a permanent position.  <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
We have an immediate opening for a Bilingual Client Services Representative &#65533; English and French on our front-line technical support team. If you are bright, enjoy solving problems and are passionate about helping clients exceed their goals, we&#65533;d like to hear from you.  careers@contacservices.com
We have an additional assortment of products that will be posted to the website asap. The FORMAL LAUNCH phase of the business will occur by the end of November, at which time you will be able the view more products in the product line .At this time we have a proprietary supplement on the website. (Nature's Ancient Wisdom) 
We have a professional sales team who will teach our prospects to use the software, and closing the sale for you. Another words, your job is to only find out what your prospects need and booking an appointment for our sales guru to teach the prospect how to use the software and to close the sale.  mhr85@shaaw.ca
We have a designer on board already.....we need an IT guy to build the website up. 
We have 10 entry-level customer service and marketing positions available! 
We focus on the community, buying local sustanable ingredients and free range meats, eggs and produce. We have a big emphasis on our coffee program and ensuring our standards are held at the highest regard. 
We do not mind that you work from home unless the calls are made and tracked. This is not a cold calling position. Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
We currently have the following positions available: 
We currently have immediate openings for part-time In-Aisle Sales Representatives on behalf of our client representing the FLIP VIDEO camcorder in the Calgary area. If you are sales oriented, tech savvy, have an ability to connect easily with others and have a passion for customer service, we just may have the right opportunity for you. 
We currently have an opportunity for a mature "" Bondable"" in-store  Customer Service  Rep / Admin
We currently have an opening for a passionate Store Manager to lead our Morgon Crossing team.
We currently have an immediate opening for a Grade 7 English/ESL tutor in the North Delta area.
We currently have an immediate opening for a Grade 10 English tutor in the Maple Ridge area.
We check references.
We carefully select excellent instructors who can demonstrate their expertise in own areas and plan to compensate them based on their contribution to the school and their commitment to grow together. We have different locations in Vancouver West, Richmond, Coquitlam, Surrey and North Shore. Please indicate which location you'd like to work for when you send in your resume. 
We build high quality millwork and do our own installations.
We believe that our staff makes our company great and will treat you well.  We expect our staff to be courteous, punctual, honest, and capable.  We pride ourselves on having a positive, engaging work environment!
We believe in: 
We are using a legacy BBX based system in a windows networked environment. 
We are seeking to hire an experienced & talented programmer to work on a Drupal multisite platform.
We are seeking individuals who are exciting, reliable, and people orientated to help us serve our growing clientele. No prospecting. No cold calls. Excellent training. Must be able to follow directions and have complete integrity. Knowledge of a 2nd language is an asset.
We are seeking a Software Developer.  We offer a fun and challenging environment.
We are seeking a detail-oriented, hard-working, and efficient individual who is good at following instructions to join our company as a Cutting Operator. 
We are seeking a Customer Service Specialist to join our growing team.  We offer a fun and challenging environment.
We are seeking a caregiver who is able to handle all areas of personal care for a young, fun-loving disabled man, and also be able to travel abroad if needed.
We are presently looking for a Connector in White Rock South Surrey who enjoys all sorts of sports; are you a Canucks and Lions fan? The person at the center of the network enjoys poking fun, joking around and having a beer at the pub while watching a game with his friends. 
We are presently looking for a Connector in South Burnaby who loves music, hanging out at the local coffee shop and sharing a meal with friends. You might also like swimming, skating and going for walks. 
We are prepared to look at a less experienced candidates and train if the core attributes and knowledge base are present.  service@derosaauto.ca
We are planning to hire a competent R&D research scientist to further expand and improve the multimedia signal processing algorithms currently employed by BBTV. In particular, the candidate will be involved with the design of machine learning and pattern recognition algorithms for the purpose of information retrieval from videos.
We are part of Canada&#65533;s oldest and largest real estate company, with over 14,000 agents and 600 offices coast to coast.  industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
We are one of the world&#65533;s leading Duty Free airport retailers with 258 stores in 52 airports across 4 continents. We sell cosmetics, liquor, tobacco, food, jewelry, watches, leather goods, textiles and luggage across 14 stores post security at YVR. Our aim is to give travelers a great final impression of Vancouver and Canada before they fly abroad. 
We are looking to start hiring as early as Monday, November 15th. Please do not send your resume by email; we prefer to speak with you first, as part of the initial hiring phase. Call 1-877-449-5103 ext: 1012 between 7am and 2pm to arrange an interview. Ask for Justin!
We are looking to have someone start ASAP....PLEASE EMAIL YOUR RESUME PLUS A COVER LETTER with why you think you would be a good fit with us...plus your available work days - times....Thanks for you time & Interest..We will be interviewing this week and hopefully starting training Wed if we find a right fit*** 
We are looking to fill the following shifts:
We are looking to expand our computer supplies business to our customer base (current office supply customers) as well as help with our internal needs.  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
We are looking for the right candidates to help us expand in the Vancouver greater area market. We offer the personal attention and professional advantages you would expect from a corporation dedicated to growth and success.  anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
We are looking for the following:
We are looking for the following skills:  144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
We are looking for someone with superior customer service in the restaurant industry and has previous serving experience. This position is a full time position so open availability is a must. 
We are looking for someone to work out in the field . contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
We are looking for someone to help us clean our 3 bedroom (1200 square feet) house near UBC and do some occasional childcare for our 8 and 11 year kids (who don't need much care, just someone to be home):
We are looking for reliablity, a patient and positive attitude and energetic.
We are looking for outstanding, high energy individuals who love the fast paced world of retail. Join our winning team as a seasonal associate at Future Shop.  wb45@wokbox.ca
We are looking for outstanding, high energy individuals who love the fast paced world of retail. Join our winning team as a Product Expert at Future Shop. 
We are looking for highly motivated individuals, who are results orientated, to serve our existing client base and provide benefit packages.
We are looking for fun, energetic people to join our family.  Currently we are in need of Part Time or Full Time Line Cooks, Prep Cooks, Dishwashers, Cashiers and Bussers. 
We are looking for energetic, outgoing and responsible men and women aged 19-30. If you are under 19, please do not apply. 
WE ARE LOOKING FOR COMPETITIVE INDIVIDUALS TO LEAD A SALES AND MARKETING TEAM. 
We are looking for an individual who is passionate about the RV lifestyle and is results oriented.  You must be a team player and have experience in RV repairs and customer service.   You are a person of integrity and always make a positive contribution to your team and work environment.
We are looking for an individual that is seeking an opportunity to be a part of a growing and dynamic organization. 
We are looking for an experienced Visual Basic 6 (VB6) Programmer / Developer with experience developing database driven Windows applications using the VB6 IDE. The ideal candidate will have experience in writing new program code and documentation as well as modifying existing code.
We are looking for a talented Implementation Specialist to join our team in Richmond.  The Implementation Specialist is responsible for integrating TTC&#65533;s applications with customer ERP systems such as PeopleSoft, Oracle EBS, SAP or any other custom ERP and ensuring customer satisfaction through a successful project implementation and management of our products.
We are looking for a talented and enthusiastic Registered Massage Therapist to join our team in a beautiful and professionally designed place. The candidate must want to practice in a team building atmosphere and be pro-active in building up clientele. There are patients available immediately to start with a new RMT.  Start now part time and progress to full time as client base builds. The clinic will provide reception services, massage room and table and linens and oils. Point of sale machine available for use of debit and credit cards. 
We are looking for a salon co-ordinator/Receptionist that has the following skills and attributes:
We are looking for a dedicated, hard-working &#65533;team-minded&#65533; candidate with exceptional phone skills and a strong desire to succeed in a sales environment. This position will appeal to candidates who have experience working with customers in a  telemarketing capacity. 
We are located in a promising and convenient location with ample parking, near the Canada Line.
We are interviewing for entry level positions all of which have the opportunity for advancement. However, if you have some experience BEYOND entry level - you may be that perfect candidate to further develop, and then assist us at the top. You must be enthusiastic, competitive, have a strong work ethic and a willingness to learn. Full training provided. Compensation based solely on individual performance. 
We are interested in training those who are eager to learn about various facets of business development. We will train specifically on how to run a successful business from its inception. Our experienced Regional Managers will guide you through every step of the way.
We are hiring a part time or full time HOSTESS. Availability MUST include Friday and Saturday nights from 4pm as well as Sunday anytime. Experience in the restaurant industry preferred but not a requirement.
We are hiring a part time expo. This position will be for 2-3 shifts per week and could lead to 5 in the future. Approximate weekly hours could range between 8-18 per week. Availability MUST include Thursday and Saturday nights from 4pm. Experience in the restaurant industry preferred but not a requirement.
WE ARE GROWING!!!  <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
We are expecting to hear from dynamic, intelligent people. chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
We are currently seeking P/T candidates for an entry level Busser / Back Bar position.
We are currently seeking Brand Ambassadors to represent a well established Household product in a retail environment! This is an ideal position for candidates who thrive in a sales environment and who loves speaking with the public! The successful candidate must be comfortable working independently in store! You will be provided with leading edge product training and managerial support throughout the program!
We are currently seeking Brand Ambassadors to represent a well established Household product in a retail environment! This is an ideal position for candidates who thrive in a sales environment and who loves speaking with the public! The successful candidate must be comfortable working independently in store! You will be provided with leading edge product training and managerial support throughout the program!
We are currently looking for individuals who are enthusiastic, team-oriented, goal-oriented, and ready to start a career. Recent Graduate or looking for a Career Change? Contact us! If you live in the Vancouver area or plan to relocate, please forward your resume
We are currently looking for a hard working and reliable CONTENTS/CLEANING - LEAD HAND to join our team. The successful candidate will have experience in residential / commercial contents handling (packing, documenting, storing, and cleaning). 
We are currently looking for a dynamic and experienced individual to fill the position of Conference Sales Coordinator
We are BC&#65533;s largest security organization and provide comprehensive security solutions that integrate highly trained people and technology. We are dedicated to providing employment for Canadians with military and RCMP backgrounds. We are the trusted name in security. 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.  ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
We are an Employment Equity Employer and we value a diverse workforce. We will provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. In support of our Employment Equity Program, women, aboriginal people, members of visible minorities, and/or persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply and self identify in the application process.
We are also looking for substitute teachers to add to our sub list. Please apply with a resume and cover letter. Thank you in advance for your application. Only those shortlisted for an interview will be contacted.
We are a young web design and development company nevertheless boasting an impressive and varied portfolio of satisfied clients. With a core staff of web veterans and a regular roster of talented contractors, we offer expertise and excellence at every stage of project development, from concept, design, and implementation to maintenance, updates, and archiving. Located in West Vancouver, on either side of our offices are the Capilano River and the Park Royal Mall, which means that our headquarters are just like the websites we design: right in the sweet spot where beauty meets brisk business. We are growing fast, and we are looking for skilled, personable professionals to add to our team.
We are a young company looking for experienced team players that can add to the overall energy of the show and are willing to take direction, notes and work on tight deadlines. Our show is a comedy series based on the famous tales of &#65533;1001 Nights&#65533;. Episodes are 11 minutes in length and targeting an age group of 6-9.
We are a work hard, play hard company. Your hard work and results will be recognized and rewarded. 
We are a Web Development franchise that carries a web based DIY website software targeted for small business owners who are looking for an affordable web solution. Our product is popular in the US, and we are looking to gain market share in the Lower Mainland. Visit our website at www.12web.biz 
We are a tutoring service provider.
We are a small local clothing company looking for a skilled individual to sew
We are a small local clothing company looking for a skilled individual to sew
We are a promotional advertising company that works in a variety of locations working with the public.
We are a multi-location retail chain with a part-time opening for IT Systems Support. We have nine retail locations. The applicant should have a few years experience, a mature attitude and MUST be able to get along with others and have a pleasant telephone manner. 
We are a large company with over 50 employees, with a strong following of great customers. 
We are a GROWING marketing firm looking for dynamic workers, friendly people with good communication skills. victor@goldsgymbc.ca
We are a growing counter service cafe looking for someone with energy and enthusiasm to join the team. 
We are a growing B2B office supplies and print company that provides a full line of copy paper, computer supplies, ID cards and print solutions directly to the office consumables marketplace. This industry is a dynamic and stable market environment with strong growth opportunities. 
We are a general family practice and as such treat our patients like they are family and honoured guests! sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
We are a family owned and operated business and have expended recently by getting a showroom in surrey. <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
We are a Downtown based organization looking for an Executive Assistant responsible to provide administrative support to the Office of the Executive Director, the President, and the Executive Committee. 
We are a company that knows what it takes for our people and business to succeed. We have a work environment in which decisions are shared, not handed down. Where people enjoy real responsibility from the start and look forward topromotion based on performance, not seniority. 
We are a children and maternity store that is very community based. We are looking for someone who will be comfortable talking to Mamas about children, pregnancy and everything inbetween. We are located in east Vancouver near the PNE. 
We appreciate the interest of all applicants; however, only those considered for an interview will be contacted. 
We appreciate the interest of all applicants; however, only those considered for an interview will be contacted. 
WAREHOUSE & SHIPPER/RECEIVER (PRINT DEPT)
Wages: Cad$15.00/hr, 
Wages: 
Wages and commission structures will be discussed at the interview. Please email your resume by responding to this ad. Applications by phone are not accepted at this time.  maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
Wage: CAD$ 3,000/month, nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Wage: $18.33
Wage range: $20.90 - $21.90
Wage offered 17.00 per hour , 40hr per week. 10 Days of Vacation; hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
Wage is paid hourly starting at $9.50 + depending on experience and ability 
Visit www.gvcss.bc.ca for more information <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
Visit us at www.SIGrecruiting.com
Visit us at www.SIGrecruiting.com
Visit our website! 
Vision Critical is a team of researchers and technologists that look at customer insight from entirely new and beautifully quantifiable angles. We help 25% of the world&#65533;s top brands make informed decisions not based on anecdotes, or best-guesses, or opinion&#65533;but on fact. We help companies discover and amplify what moves their biggest fans.
victor@goldsgymbc.ca
victor@goldsgymbc.ca mhr85@shaaw.ca
victor@goldsgymbc.ca
very friendly customer service
Very competitive base salary plus gratuities and a professionally cleaned kitchen awaits the right Chef. Benefits are on the table.
Veronica Enair
Vantage Resourcing offers specialized recruiting and human resource consulting services to clients in the Lower Mainland. In particular, our expertise is searching for and securing candidates for accounting and finance positions. 
Vancouver, BC 
Valid BC Drivers License and own Vehicle
Using your patience, humour and abundance of energy you must be able to work well in a university student environment.
Use professional sales approach to understand customer's needs and offer the complete solution to all their technology needs. 
Use of source control system such as Subversion
Use manual and electrical appliances to clean, peel, slice and trim foodstuffs, 
Use BIRTHDAY PARTY PERFORMER in your email's subject line. 
Upon submission of your application via email or on-line, you will receive an email confirming Amix&#65533;s receipt of your resume. Due to the anticipated volume of applications, we are unable to respond to telephone inquiries about the status of your application. For additional information about Amix and to view other job opportunities, please visit us on the web at www.amix.ca
Upon submission of your application on-line, you will receive an email confirming Amix&#65533;s receipt of your resume. Due to the anticipated volume of applications, we are unable to respond to telephone inquiries about the status of your application. For additional information about Amix and to view other job opportunities, please visit us on the web at www.amix.ca
Unloading & Loading trucks with forklift <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Unlimited potential for growth and commission. chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
University degree and previous teaching experience required. 
University Degree
Undertake any development activities that may occur during the implementation such as additional specific functionality, interfacing to external systems, or conversion programs to be built. 
Understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle and/or Agile Software Methodologies careers_at_pcis_dot_com
Under the general direction of The Design Department you will:
Under one roof we have a broad range of fabrication capability. From light industrial work, including custom manufacturing (eg for pulp & paper industry, for light industrial machinery) and prototyping (hovercraft, simulator consoles, woodchip fuel feeder/weigher), to high-end architectural and ornamental metalwork, such as stainless furniture, handrails, water-features in residential and high profile public /commercial projects. as well as plethora of ""job shop"" custom fabricating.
Ultimately we need a charismatic communicator to hear our clients out. Someone with enough compassion to listen, enough judgement to quote on the project and enough drive to see it through from start to finish.  Someone to grow with our customers. Someone to grow with us.
Typical Duties Include:
Type of work: behavioral issues, oppositionally defiant, male teens, 12 - 18 yrs. old.
two part-time Evening and Late night Servers. <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Two Indian Sweet Makers alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
Trucking department needs Maintenance Manager for aggregate hauling operation. 
Truck and job for sale at CN to qualified Buyer ! You must Have A TLS OWNER OPERATOR LICENSE AND AN UP TO DATE PORT PASS ALONG WITH A CLEAN DRIVERS ABSTRACT ! Price for Truck and Job is $120000.00 OR BEST OFFER !!!!!!!! For more info call 604-825-3975 !
TRS Contract Consulting Group is a Vancouver-based Information Technology Recruitment Firm. Our business hinges on our ability to attract and retain the best technical consultants in Western Canada. Finding you the right position is as important to us as it is to you. We know that TRS consultants represent us at our clients&#65533; locations; so keeping a strong relationship with you is integral to our long-term success.
TRS Contract Consulting Group is a Vancouver-based Information Technology Recruitment Firm. Our business hinges on our ability to attract and retain the best technical consultants in Western Canada. Finding you the right position is as important to us as it is to you. We know that TRS consultants represent us at our clients&#65533; locations; so keeping a strong relationship with you is integral to our long-term success.
TRS Contract Consulting Group is a Vancouver-based Information Technology Recruitment Firm. Our business hinges on our ability to attract and retain the best technical consultants in Western Canada. Finding you the right position is as important to us as it is to you. We know that TRS consultants represent us at our clients&#65533; locations; so keeping a strong relationship with you is integral to our long-term success.
Transportation/Travel Information: Willing to travel, Travel expenses paid by employer
Transportation/Travel Information: Public transportation is available; ability to drive is an asset. 
Translate supply order list from the chef in Korean and place them to the wholesalers in English/Korean hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
TRAINING PROGRAM: 
Training of retail Sales Associates  merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
Training is provided. Subway experience and food safe is an asset. careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
Training is provided. Ideal for college students (especially those in psychology, social work or education), 19 years and older. 
Training Date: Thursday, November 18 & Wednesday, December 1 (depending upon retailer) 
Trainer must be interviewed and inline with business goals.  Only for top trainers looking to not be gauged by other faciliteis.  Your an entrepreneur, so get paid like one. nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Train new workers
Top dollar for the right individual careers at visioncritical dot com
Tools and references
Today the company provides the highest quality production, lowest cost and fastest distribution of marketing collateral to major brands around the world. Headquartered in Vancouver, B.C., Contac has facilities in Toronto, Montreal, as well as London. Our goal is to continue to develop and expand both our Company and our people. We are currently seeking a Warehouse Helper with Shipping & Receiving experience to join our Delta Warehouse & Print Division team.
To register, please call 778-928-5656  or email to  chg11920@gmail.com
TO QUALIFY YOU MUST ALREADY HAVE: resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
To offer the net&#65533;s finest collection of education news and content we need a diverse fleet of writers, bloggers and experts. 
To learn more about us please visit our site here: http://tidal.ca/ 
To learn more about teaching rates, benefits packages including health insurance and course discounts or to apply to teach, please visit http://kaptest.com/teach. You will be invited to audition and interview. 
To learn more about our company visit out website: 
To join our winning team and become a valuable member of our organization please apply to: salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
to hear from you!
To find out more, please submit your resume and cover letter to Dave Banns via dbanns (at) theheadhunters.ca.
To find out more about Contac Services, please visit www.contacservices.com
To be successful, you possess the ability to take charge and you also possess good leadership and interpersonal skills.  Along with being self- motivated and excellent communication skills you have a proven track record of success. 
To be considered for this role please submit your resume to the attention of Christine Glendinning. We thank you in advance for your interest in this role, however, we are only able to respond to those individuals selected for an interview. 
TO BE CONSIDERED FOR AN INTERVIEW, YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:
To be considered and be invited to our next briefing, please enter your details here: http://hirelounge.com/rsvp/  bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
To apply: please submit your resume to: bart[at]advisorwebsites.com please include the subject line: Web Programmer.
To Apply: 
To Apply:
To apply, please send your resume to dfrederickson@restorationhardware.com and reference the position and store location in the subject line.
To Apply, please click on the link below. jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
To apply, please click on http://SIGrecruiting.maxhire.net/cp/?E55F6D361D43515B7E57182C7751182604
To apply, please click on   http://SIGrecruiting.maxhire.net/cp/?E55F6C361D43515B7E57182C77511B2604
To apply please email us a copy of your resume along with a portfolio to jobs@tidal.ca 
To Apply for this position, please CLICK HERE
To apply for this position please visit www.collega.com/careers
To apply for this position please send your resume with cover letter to: 
To apply for this position please send your resume with a covering letter and salary expectations.  Please quote job opening DPS1121 No Phone Calls, please.
To apply for this position please send Ref#: 10-164 in the subject line along with your cover letter, resume and salary expectations by email to Maureen Potvin at careers@pcis.com.  
To apply for this position please send Ref#: 10-163 in the subject line along with your cover letter, resume and salary expectations by email to Maureen Potvin at careers@pcis.com.  
To apply for the following positions please copy/paste your resume in the body of the email and send to administration@tagconsulting.ca
To Apply 
To Apply  careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
To Apply 
To Apply
TITLE: Customer Service Station Attendant - West Coast Express 
TITLE Parking Enforcement 
Tired of sitting in a cubicle? Want to earn a decent income? An established financial services firm, American Income, is expanding in British Columbia and we need help!
Times: 9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Times: 9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm 
Times: 9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm 
Times: 9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm 
Times:  9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm
Times:  9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm
Times:
Times:
Time:  9:30am to 10:30am or 1:30pm to 2:30pm
Tim.Gendreauassistant@investorsgroup.com 
Tidiness, maturity, and able to work independently, is important. Yes we have parking available.
Tidal is rapidly growing web development company. The environment is fun and laid back and there&#65533;s plenty of room for advancement. We always promote internally.  careers at securiguard dot com
tickets for club events/shows/concerts. 
Thursday Anytime
Thursday & Friday: 4:30pm-9:30pm
Thursday & Friday: 4:30pm-9:30pm applications at plan dot ca
Thrive in a busy atmosphere 
Thrive in a busy atmosphere  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
THREE REFRENCES gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Three full time Indian Specialty Cooks;  gary at quayproperty dot net
Thoroughly execute test cases using an understanding of the underlying technologies and software testing principles  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
This year the Canadian Cancer Society is partnering with IKEA Richmond to assist in their annual Christmas tree lot. Partial proceeds from the sale of these trees will be donated to the Canadian Cancer Society BC & Yukon Division to help with cancer prevention, research and support programs. 
This work requires routine walking, standing, sitting, bending, squatting, pushing, pulling, reaching and carrying items weighing less than 50 pounds.  Items over 50 pounds will utilize a team lift.  You must be physically able and be comfortable with performing these requirements.
This work is&#65533; 
This work is&#65533; 
This will take place in downtown Vancouver on Thursday, 2 Dec 2010.
This will include appetizers, main meal and a dessert.
This will be the building block to an in house IT department.  In addition the candidate will help build a Managed Print Services business, and work with resellers such as HP.
This role offers many perks including a good work and life balance attitude including an employee lounge, great benefits and much much more!
This role offers many perks including a good work and life balance attitude including an employee lounge, great benefits and much much more  careers at securiguard dot com
This role is responsible for general office administration, including managing the Executive teams calendar's and correspondence and to provide support to the accounting group. We are looking for someone who can handle a variety of tasks in a fun, fast paced corporate environment.  info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
This role is for a F/T long term role with our client. 
This role is designed to directly support the head of Employee Development and Training with employee development and competency initiatives, throughout the company. Working closely with the Instructional Design team, the incumbent would be required to take a technical direction in the development and writing of training material, including instructor and student guides, and the development templates for eLearning requirements. 
This position will start out as a part time permanent position, leading into a full time position.  careers at visioncritical dot com
This position will start as a contract position with the possibility to lead into full time employment for the right candidate. As well, the position can/may be a pathway to assist our Company with future development with the next generation of our product. careers@contacservices.com
This position will offer a competitive salary plus a very attractive benefits package. 
This position starts at 20 hours per week and $18.00 per hour. 
This position requires you to be a fast learner, and able to work in a fast paced environment, previous experiece is definetely an asset. Main duties include: baking, light cooking, food preparation, customer service, cleaning, etc., pay start from $9/hr for first three weeks, and $10/hr afterwards, with regular increase. 
This position requires the ability to effectively design, plan, implement and maintain medium-sized SharePoint environments that include some customization. Support of web front end servers, application servers, search servers, and IIS is required. 
This position requires excellent verbal and written English communication skills along with a superior customer service mentality and professional attitude.  
This position offers competitive compensation, benefits package and training. If you describe yourself as a team player, enthusiastic, possess a high level of integrity and the willingness to make a significant contribution, we invite you to apply for this opportunity.  
This position is responsible for developing installers for all the products offered, software release management, software builds, change control management, and version control of all development artifacts, including documents, test cases, development environments and feature funnel management.
This position is part time/on call but may evolve into full time employment in future.
This position is open to male and female applicants.
this position is for 2 or 3 days a week which is evenings !
This position is Coquitlam based; must have Lower Mainland experience. 
This position is available to start immediately. 
this position is available starting January.
This position is .8 FTE and can lead to a full time position.  Some evening and weekend work is required. nwwf@shawbiz.ca
This person must be able to build large project plans using MS Project.  This individual must be at an expert level utilizing software tools such as Visio, Powerpoint and Word narratives and synthesize them into the project execution plan using the MS Project tool.  
This outgoing firm is needing a strong candidate to join their firm for a lasting commitment.   coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
This office uses Apple Operating Systems and CRM System. Employment starts in December and will gradually get busier in the new year. 
This job will requires that you are excited about technology and be willing to drive to different lower mainland and Vancouver Island locations
This job could lead to full time employment for next spring if you fit the above.
This isn&#65533;t just a job. It&#65533;s a chance to bring about a brand new day in Canadian wireless! We are Canada's newest national provider of wireless communications services. We are providing voice, text and data services to Canadians on a next-generation GSM network. 
This isn&#65533;t just a job. It&#65533;s a chance to bring about a brand new day in Canadian wireless! We are Canada's newest national provider of wireless communications services. We are providing voice, text and data services to Canadians on a next-generation GSM network. 
This is TFP ......
This is not slander but the truth... I worked there..I have talked with others who have endured the same treatment, and many folks who were duped by their employees on moves, then ripped off on the bill. I witnessed it all and have the scars to prove it! steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
This is NOT an ad for sex or a relationship.  No pets, smoking, 420, drugs, partying, etc.  One person only (male or female) -- no couples. gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
This is not a regular 9-5 job you need to be very flexible and great with time management. 
This is no ordinary job. It demands both enthusiasm and confidence at the same time, as well as passion for the latest wireless technology and achieving great results.  salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
This is first year calculus, Math 104 at UBC
This is an intermediate career opportunity in Vancouver&#65533;s trendiest neighbourhood. Competitive salary, benefits worth writing home over, three weeks starting vacation and no impediment to grow.
This is an immediate requirement, however the position can only be filled by someone who best fits the above description.  If you feel your skills are a match, we anxiously look forward to meeting with you!  Please send your resume to: resumes@yaletowninteriors.com or fax to 604-522-5031
This is an exciting opportunity and Commissionaires BC is a great place to be. 
This is an excellent opportunity for someone new to the service industry to gain exposure to all parts of the business, and provides a clear foundation of the  service@derosaauto.ca
This is an entry level ESL position for those wishing to gain experience in the ESL field. <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
This is a wonderful opportunity for an outgoing individual who is looking for a long term opportunity that offers a base salary plus commissions with an uncapped earning potential, Medial & Dental benefits, ongoing training/support and future growth opportunities. 
This is a wonderful opportunity for an outgoing individual who is looking for a long term opportunity that offers a base salary plus commissions with an uncapped earning potential, Medial & Dental benefits, ongoing training/support and future growth opportunities.  coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
This is a unique opportunity to develop specialized skills and secure long-term career growth. The Power Technologist / Technician will be trained to operate rare diagnostic equipment in order to provide valuable information to customers about their equipment. In most cases, information provided to customers can not be obtained by any other means. The Technologist / Technician will work on-site at customer locations throughout the lower mainland and western Canada, performing power quality monitoring, evaluating, taking measurements, troubleshooting, and identifying issues and solutions for the equipment and machinery being evaluated.  jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
This is a temporary position, depending on business demands. 
This is a rare opportunity as our servers stay for a long time 
This is a Permanent Part-Time tutoring position. We pay $11-13 per hour depending on experience. If you are interested in the position, please send us your cover letter,resume and a contact number.
This is a job where you are expected to work during the day and evenings if needed and there is evening work, weekends as well. 
This is a great way to make some side cash 
This is a full-time, entry-level position located in downtown Vancouver.  info@wespacelectric.com
This is a full time unionized position.  We provide a fun, rewarding environment to work in.
This is a full time position with some possible over time and on call. <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
This is a fast paced environment and the ideal candidate will have to wear many hats.
This is a contract position right now, but will become employment within the next year.
This is a company that&#65533;s going to win by doing what its competitors haven&#65533;t been able to do: make customers happy. We&#65533;re building a brand they&#65533;ll stay with because they want to, not because they have to.  mgurumet at futureshop dot com
This is a company that&#65533;s going to win by doing what its competitors haven&#65533;t been able to do: make customers happy. We&#65533;re building a brand they&#65533;ll stay with because they want to, not because they have to. 
This full-time career offers a competitive wage with great benefits. 
THINK YOU&#65533;RE THE ONE?
They will attempt to make you an owner operator as well.. so they can bleed you slowly, and enslave you with poverty. Be careful with this offer...They make you responsible for their negligence, and incompetence, and you will have no recourse, but court. If you quit, they steal all your money, including your hold back funds($3000)+ job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
They are looking for dependable, hardworking people who want a permanent position and are willing to grow with the company. A current forklift certificate and forklit work experience is a must as well as the desire for advancement.
These are a full time jobs. 
These are a full time jobs, not contract. 
There will be several 1 hour sessions throughout the day with the earliest starting at 11am and the latest starting at 8pm.
There is quite a bit of down time so you are able to take a nap, read, listen to music or tv but must be available when there is a need.  Patient needs help feeding himself, at times.  
There is no boring office work, no commission, no sales, just talking to people about our clients!
There is a requirement for the incumbent to attend the office a minimum of four days,we anticipate the hours to flex between 15 - 25 weekly. Must be able to work full-time on occasion to cover vacation, sick leave etc. 
There is a possibility of this position becoming permanent.
There are no read or write English requirements for this position; speaking Hindi or Punjabi is an asset.
Then what are you waiting for? 
The YMCA of Greater Vancouver is one of the Lower Mainland&#65533;s leading charities, with an operating budget of more than $29 million. The YMCA provides services in membership, childcare, camping, literacy, employment and community services to over 80,000 participants annually.  
The YMCA Child Care Division; the largest provider of licensed child care in the lower mainland, serves over 2800 children between the ages of 6 weeks and 12 years at 50 licensed child care facilities throughout the Greater Vancouver area. 
The work will commence immediately to continue during the Holiday season so please apply if you are fully available to work on any day of December. 
The WIND experience:  careers@contacservices.com
The WIND experience:  coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
The website address is www.vancelebnews.com
The training experience includes hands-on, on-line, and classroom training offered through our corporate university. External candidates hired for this position will begin their career in a Sales Trainee program. The training program for current employees who are promoted into these positions will vary based on prior experience with the company. 
The TOC should feel confident in any class or level, from beginner to advanced. Applicants should have a university degree, a TESL Canada recognized certificate, experience, and a positive attitude towards international students of all ages.
The suitable candidates will have the following assets:
The successful candidate would have the following:
The successful candidate should be knowledgeable and talented in high-end floral design,  able to complete all necessary retail floral duties efficiently, and must have excellent communication/customer service skills with and outgoing personality.  
The successful candidate is energetic, proactive, and resourceful. He or she has good judgment and unquestionable discretion and integrity. Strong organizational skills and multi-tasking are essential. He or she is comfortable making decisions, and is not afraid to roll up their sleeves when the task requires. The ideal candidate is committed to being part of a fun, positive, high energy work environment, and wants to help create one by filling this key role.
The successful applicant will also have completed college/CEGEP/vocational school or university, and have formal training in marketing. 
The specific duties of the Administrative Assistant include:
The skills and qualifications required for this position include: 
The shoot dates are Friday, Saturday and Sunday from 10am - 6pm
The SharePoint Administrator will work closely with IS Custom Development staff, providing and receiving advice and support to ensure that development projects are correctly deployed into QA and production environments. The SharePoint Administrator will also work with IS Operations staff for all matters pertaining to hardware, OS, and databases.
The SharePoint administrator will play an active role in the support of all components of the SharePoint environment, including disaster recovery, backup & restore, performance analysis, and issue resolution. The administrator will assist in the design, architecture, availability, and reliability of current and future SharePoint environments and will document administrative tasks.
The SharePoint Administrator will be responsible for the operation and maintenance of client&#65533;s multiple MOSS 2007 environments and their interaction with other enterprise databases, web services, and applications. This position will also be instrumental in future migration to SharePoint 2010. applications@plan.ca
The Role:
The role requires the ability to network and build relationships with a wide variety of people, an interest in the financial services industry, and a desire to become a Certified Financial Planner. Post-secondary education and/or second language are assets. The qualities of the people we are looking for are: entrepreneurial, independent, motivated by a commission-based compensation structure, positive, outgoing, hardworking, ambitious, and caring. Please respond with your resume. 
The role involves development of an online application - documentation, database schemas, working with other team members, and other related tasks.
The Role
The Role hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
The Role lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
The right candidate will come with a proven track record of success in a in-bound call centre environment.  administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
The right candidate will come with a proven track record of success in a in-bound call centre environment. 
The right candidate must possess the following key criteria:
The right applicant must:
The Queensborough location is within walking distance of the 22nd St. Skytrain station and along bus routes from Surrey/Delta and Richmond.
The promotion starts in the end of November/ Early December and runs Thursday, Fridays, Saturdays 5 PM - 9 PM. 
The Position: applications@plan.ca
The position will be starting ASAP and running until December 17th. Our office is located at 355 Burrard Street, downtown. This is full-time work (37.5 hours per week), at $12 / hour plus bonus (based on results).  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
The position will be based in Vancouver, however, travel throughout Metro Vancouver will be required. Successful candidates must have a valid drivers license. 
The position requires an individual possessing a highly creative, forward thinking mind, and exemplary communication skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced industry with fabulous people. 
The position pays $14.00 hourly at 40 hours per week. It is a permanent position. 
The position is for a front counter attendant, Part time from 11:00 AM to 3:00 PM jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
The position is casual and is ideal for a student who is looking for a part time job to make extra cash. 
The position involves developing numerous modules for a variety of different web sites.
The perks: 
The perks 
The opportunity: 
The nanny&#65533;s responsibilities include
The minimum requirements for this position are as follows:
The message is peace, love, and joy.
The job duties include taking photos at weddings and other social functions, as well as editing the photos.  enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
the Industry leader in Hygiene seeks a  dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
The Ideal Person:
The ideal candidate will have project management experience as well as excellent communication and analytical skills.  Solidworks drafting skills and familiarity with AutoCad are required. An individual with effective organizational and multi-tasking abilities would be a perfect fit.
The ideal candidate will be able to attend 2-3  contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
The ideal candidate MUST have extensive experience taking minutes 
The ideal candidate must have experience on the phone and must be confident in their abilities.  Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
The ideal candidate must have 6+ years of ASP.NET and C# experience and 6+ years of web application experience.  
The ideal candidate must have 2+ years of ASP.NET and SQL Server experience.  Experience with PHP and Ruby on Rails is a strong nice to have.  
The ideal candidate has a passion for selling, an enthusiastic attitude and a dedication to customer service. You have experience managing, leading and building teams. 
The following job duties:
The Fastenal Company would like to invite ambitious, hard-working individuals to apply for the position of full-time Sales Trainee/Outside Sales. Applicants should be able to bring new ideas and improvements to business practices; remain fair, respectful and moral in all situations; and work well both independently and as part of a team. 
The duties and responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to:  servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
The Dr. Peter Centre is a healthcare facility with a 24-bed residence and an active Day Program serving people living with HIV/AIDS.
The Dr. Peter Centre is a healthcare facility with a 24-bed residence and an active Day Program serving people living with HIV/AIDS.
The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation offers a welcoming, respectful, rewarding and supportive work environment, full benefits package including dental, extended health, long term disability, AD&D, and an RRSP program for PT employees who are regularly scheduled for at least twelve (12) hours per week, and four (4) weeks annual vacation.
The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation offers a welcoming, respectful, rewarding and supportive work environment, full benefits package including dental, extended health, long term disability, AD&D, and an RRSP program for PT employees who are regularly scheduled for at least twelve (12) hours per week, and four (4) weeks annual vacation.
The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring Cooks to work on a casual basis.  Enjoy the freedom to design dishes from an established menu and serve a diverse population. Our chefs create and serve up to 100 nutritious meals twice daily between 7:30am &#65533; 6pm, 7 days a week.
The Digital Production Specialist is responsible for ensuring client-supplied files are suitable for printing.   Key responsibilities will include pre-flighting, colour correcting, proofing, impositions and typesetting.
-the day you come is very flexible!
The cover letter with your interest is very important to us. Really tell us about you and the thing you like to do in you spare time.   salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
The contract is from November 29 to December 10. sf2605 at gmail dot com
The Company
the chef cook the meal at the event or warm it up at the event. <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
The Candidate
The Canadian Cancer Society is recruiting at least 120 volunteers to assist with the sale of Christmas trees at the IKEA Richmond. 
The best part about this role is the individual you report to.  He has been on the forefront of building top-notch teams throughout North America.  He has a hands-off approach, allowing his team to take ownership of the projects.  If there is something neat you&#65533;d like to do, show him the business case, and it&#65533;s all yours!
the approximate area in which you live.
The applicant should have experience with all aspects of producition baking including: muffins, scones, cupcakes, loaves, cookies, bars, squares, bread, buns and everything else under the rainbow!
The 500 Staffing Inc. thank all applicants who apply, only those whose experience and skill sets match the requirements will be contacted for an interview.
The 25th is just around the corner, and this is the last week we are looking to hire before the NEW YEAR! heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
Thanks.
Thanks,
Thanks!  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Thanks!
thanks 
Thanks
Thank you. 
thank you. 
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you. <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
thank you, look forward to hearing from you.
Thank you, and we hope to meet you soon.
Thank you, and we hope to meet you soon. resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
Thank you, 
thank you,
Thank you,
Thank you!
Thank you! josie.bradley@bclupus.org
Thank you to all candidates. Only candidates that are being considered will be contacted.
Thank you for your willingness to lend your hands and heart this holiday season to help us with our mission of eradicating cancer and enhancing the life of people living with cancer. 
Thank you for your time.
Thank you for your submission. Subserveo will only contact selected applicants.
Thank you for your submission. Subserveo will only contact selected applicants.
Thank you for your interest. Due to the volume of applicants, only those short listed will receive a response. Should you not receive a response and you are confident you can perform the requirements of the position, please feel free to send a cover letter outlining how your work experience meets our client's requirements.
Thank you for your interest.
Thank you for your interest.
Thank you for your interest.
Thank you for your interest, and taking the time to apply. We look forward to hearing from you! jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Thank you for your interest in Aldeasa but only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
Thank you for your interest however only applicants that have been short-listed will be contacted.
Thank you for making Miles a part of your job search! 
Thank you steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
thank you administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
Thank you
Testing:  
TESOL Certificate
Terms:
Terms of Employment: Permanent, Full Time
Terms of Employment is Permanent, Full Time, Weekend, Day, Evening  chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
Technology troubleshooting: Assesses computer and technology problems and co-ordinates with the appropriate experts as necessary.
teamwork, 
Team Work:  The ability to work effectively with others to achieve optimal results.
Tax Services 
Tax Services 
TASKS: <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Tasks include trashing, wiping, polishing, dusting, mopping, vacuuming. 
tasks for long periods of time.  Speed is essential.    Experience in a printing environment preferred.   We offer a good working environment with a great team of co-workers. Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
Talk to you soon,
Take notes for the doctors
Take every opportunity to improve customer retention  Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
Take customers' orders, 
Support Workers - Must have a class 4 drivers license
Support of the creative process include:
Support in setting up the technical architecture and tools of the product. 
Support and maintenance of Windows Server 2008 and MS-SQL Server is by others, but this position may be called upon to provide assistance.
Supervise and co-ordinate activities of staff 
Sunday 6pm-10:30pm
Sunday & Holiday: 11am &#65533; 8pm
Successful candidates will have:  servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Successful candidates will have a highly proficient ability to carry out conceptual and detail quantity take-offs for the preparation of accurate construction estimates; 
Successful candidates will demonstrate the following qualifications: 
Successful candidate will be familiar with Adobe Indesign, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Acrobat Professional and Microsoft Office. winnie-li24@hotmail.com
Successful applicant must be fitness oriented, enthusiastic, and possess excellent phone and communication skills.
Success will be measure by:
Submit resume (relevant experience, training/formal education) plus cover letter by email to the above email address. 
Strong Windows Server, IIS7+, and MOSS Administration Skills (Mandatory) 
Strong spoken and written English a must, must able to write legible daily and incident reports
Strong sense of Art Design and Photography required.
Strong sense of Art Design and Photography required.
Strong people skills and the ability to work independently 
Strong computer skills including word, excel and e-mailing 
Strong computer skills and spectacular design creativity 
Strong attention to detail, and strong organizational and multi-tasking skills. 
Stock refrigerators and salad bars, 
Stay current on competitor products and pricing. 
STATUS: PERMANENT FULL TIME 
-Starting pay will depend on experience. Minimum $12/hr and 15-20 hours/week to start on training  resumes@fraserway.com
Starting Date : Mid. November.
Starting Date : Mid. November.
Starting Date &#65533; November
START NOW!! 
Start from 5 PM to 11 PM
Start Date: As Soon As Possible!
Start Date: As soon as possible 
Start Date: as soon as possible
Staff Responsibility: 1 - 20
Specific Skills: Supervise and care for child. Bathe, dress and feed him .Organize activities such as games and outings for child. Read to child. Prepare and serve nutritious meals. Sterilize bottles, prepare formulas and change diapers. Perform light housekeeping and cleaning duties, child supervision and light housekeeping duties. Maintain a safe and healthy environment in the home. Tend to emotional well-being of our son. Discipline according to the methods requested by us the parents. Take him to appointments. Keep records of daily activities and health information regarding our son. ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
Specific Skills: Plan, organize and direct daily operations, Establish and implement policies and procedures, Plan, develop and implement recruitment strategies, Manage contracts, Manage training and development strategies, Oversee the analysis of employee data and information, Oversee development of communication strategies, Oversee the preparation of reports, Advise senior management, Respond to employee questions and complaints winnie-li24@hotmail.com
Specific Skills: 
Specialization and Skills:    
Speak English, Read English, Write English  childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
Speak English, Read English, Write English
spadejavu.ca 
Sound like the perfect job for you? Send us your resume, apply at BostonPizza.com or come in to Boston Pizza New West today, Friday or Saturday between 2 and 4pm and ask for Kelsey. 
Sorry but my client only wants to meet candidates with extensive banking or credit union experience. 
Sometimes I will respond to these postings but just give them an edited CV without my name or contact info just the tease them. I use my junk gmail account for this. mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
Someone who is motivated, independent, a good team player and outgoing. 
Some long days but with extra days off.
Some janitorial *and* driving experience required
Some experience necessary.
some barista experience required (will train)
Solid track record of accurately estimating and meeting dadlines 
soliciting sub-trades and supplier quotations, preparing and submitting tenders and submitting tenders and proposals, 
Software Development Sharepoint 2 - 4 years 
So if you want to write/ blog for us, or have a story you think we&#65533;d be interested in, we want to hear from you. 
So contact us about becoming an Investors Group Consultant. Find out why Investors Group was rated the #1 Full Service Dealer in the financial planning industry*, and how we can help bring you personal and professional rewards far beyond those associated with a traditional job.  Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
Small mfg company looking for extra hands with the following attributes:
Sloppy work and/or tardiness/unexcused absences from the jobsite assigned will not be tolerated. Must be able to follow directions.  alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
Skin Care Specialist (facials and body treatments) - full or part time (trained in Universal Contour Wrap preferred)
Skills:  careers@contacservices.com
Skills:
Skills:
Skills/Certificates: servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Skills and qualifications required to be successful in this role include:  wb45@wokbox.ca
Skills & Qualifications hr_marqui@gmail.com
SKILLED YOU: mgurumet at futureshop dot com
Skilled and experienced in content writing
Skill Requirements: 
Skill Requirements: hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
Skill Requirements: steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
Situation:
Sincerely, job@j76cw.com
shows with a proven record of customer service success maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
Short term goals:
Shoot is from 10:30-4pm
Shit starts at 2.00PM info at deepssunshinecleaning dot com
Shipping 
Shiny You.
Shifts starts Monday - Friday 11 am - 5 pm depends on work
Shifts are Saturday and Sunday from 6:30am -10:30am
Shifts are on a Casual On Call basis. 
Shifts are from friday at 9:00am to monday at 9:00am, three consecutive 24 hour shifts. 
Shifts are casual on call. 
Shifts are 3 &#65533; 4 hours during the times below: 
Shift: Monday/Tuesday/Wednesday  9am- 1pm
Shift from M - F, 
sf2605@gmail.com 
Several years of experience; Cook will have to preform all of these duties:
Several positions available at a variety of seniority levels. resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
Setting up the breakfast in our lobby
Serving It Right number an asset.
serving food in a very good presentation
Server Must 
SERVER in training:
Serve customers at counters or buffet tables, 
Serious interests only please, this is a junior management position.  careers at visioncritical dot com
Serious inquiries only.
Serious inquiries only.
Serious applicants only. Must be very reliable!!!! Good luck! 
Serious applicants only!
SEO - building content and links to our website to increase our rating in online search engines.
Send your resume only if you are flexible !
Send your resume and cover letter to: salesrep@itfrontdesk.com . Thank you. 
Send your resume and cover letter to: salesrep@itfrontdesk.com . Thank you.
Send your resume and cover email to: cdecouto@nsb.com. heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
Send resume with cover letter:
Send resume attn: Telemarketing Manager 
Send me your resume jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
Send cover letter outlining marketing experience and salary expectations to:  
Send cover letter and resume to service@derosaauto.ca Fax: 604-990-1068 and call Ryan or Ian at 604-988-2239. 
Sell us on why we should hire you! Check us out at www.sani-service.com info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
seeking high quality individuals for the position 
Security and Safety: Criminal record check 
SECONDARY: 
Scope of the Role: hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
School Age Assistant chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
Scheduling, co-pay collection and charge entry
Scheduled Hours: Permanent, Full time - 40 hours per week, Weekdays
Schedule: 
Schedule: 
Schedule:
Saturday:               9:00AM
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 13th @ 5pm
Saturday & Sunday: 10:30am-5:30pm josie.bradley@bclupus.org
Saturday & Sunday: 10:30am-5:30pm enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
Saturday & Sunday 11:00 am &#65533; 5:00 pm
Sani-Service, a locally owned thriving hygiene co. since 1995 
SANI-SERVICE
Same goes for employees. We believe that you can&#65533;t have happy customers without a passionate, motivated team. So we&#65533;re going to spend as much time and energy on creating a rewarding and fulfilling employee experience as we are on creating an unforgettably positive customer experience. Want to be part of a brand new day in Canadian wireless? Then be part of WIND Mobile. 
Same goes for employees. We believe that you can&#65533;t have happy customers without a passionate, motivated team. So we&#65533;re going to spend as much time and energy on creating a rewarding and fulfilling employee experience as we are on creating an unforgettably positive customer experience. Want to be part of a brand new day in Canadian wireless? Then be part of WIND Mobile. 
Salt Spring Coffee Co. is a value driven organization with a commitment to environmental and socially responsible business practices, and a reputation for roasting and serving the finest organic and fair-trade coffee available anywhere. sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
Salons  <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Salons 
Sales Associate &#65533; Commission 
Sales Associate &#65533; Commission
Salary: $8.00 Hourly for 40 hours per week, Medical Benefits  wb45@wokbox.ca
Salary: $62,000.00 Yearly, for 40.00 Hours per week
Salary:  $26/hr
Salary:  $26/hr
SALARY:    $18.39 per hours to start.  Positions are covered by the Health Community Sector Collective Agreement (BCGEU).
SALARY:    $18.39 per hours to start.  Positions are covered by the Health Community Sector Collective Agreement (BCGEU).
Salary: 
Salary:
SALARY/WAGE Base Wage 
Salary will be based on experience ($14-$22/hr)
Salary & Benefits
run starts at 10PM &#65533; 8 + hours per day. 
Role and Responsibilities are:  heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
RMT (Registered Massage Therapist) - full time (will have instant clientele from our existing customers) applications at plan dot ca
Reviewable candidates; careers_at_pcis_dot_com
Review software requirements and design detailed test cases based on requirements ensuring sufficient coverage and correctness
Retail Sales Associate for in-aisle selling and demonstration with in an assigned retailer 
Retail customer service experience. 
resume and we will contact you back as soon 
Results-driven with the motivation to meet customer&#65533;s needs  <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
Responsible.  Good with numbers.
Responsibilities: 
Responsibilities: 
Responsibilities: 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Responsibilities: 
Responsibilities:  <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Responsibilities: <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities will include:  144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
Responsibilities will include:
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: 
Responsibilities will include standard web updates and social network communications; the development of strong, active online communities; and documenting and reporting of task items.  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Responsibilities to include but not limited to:
Responsibilities include: 
Responsibilities include:
Responsibilities include Daily account visits, Customer quality assurance, managing cleaning contractors, training, account start ups etc.  <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Responsibilities 
Responsibilities  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Responsibilities
Responsibilities
Response Solutions is one of North America&#65533;s leading Sales Services organizations committed to working with Manufacturers and Retailers to provide ultimate success of brands and business by connecting with target consumers wherever they may play, shop, work or live. 
Requires knowledge of tractor trailers, dump trucks, loading equipment and side dump trailers 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
REQUIREMENTS: 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements: bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements:
requirements needed for working in either the Front of House or Back of House operations.  
Requirements include but not limited to the following:
Requirements for all positions are: 
Requirements for :
Requirements for :
Requirements are: 
Requirements .. 
Requirements 
REQUIREMENTS 
Requirements
Requirements
Requirements
Requirement: 
REQUIRED SKILLS:
Required Skills/Abilities:
Required Skills, Knowledge and Abilities 
REQUIRED SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE & ABILITIES: 
Required Skills Knowledge and Abilities  <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Required Skills & Experience: bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
Required Skills coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
Required Skill Set: 
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
Required Qualifications enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE 
Required Education: High School Graduate or Equivalent 
Reports directly to: salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
Reporting to the Store Manager, the Retail Sales Consultants will be accountable for achieving the personal sales goals and customer service performance standards through a combination of: new customer sales, accessory sales, up-selling of new features and services and excellent customer satisfaction feedback.
Reporting to the Production Supervisor and Distribution Manager, this individual is responsible for the operation and supervision of the narcotics area, including functions involved in all aspects of controlled and/or restricted drug distribution across all operating shifts.
Reporting to the President and Board of Directors, the Administrative Coordinator position will appeal to an individual who has a can-do attitude, functions well independently and thrives in a multi-tasked environment.  The coordinator will be the main point of contact for members of the Lupus Society, volunteers, funding agencies, sponsors, and donors.  The successful candidate must demonstrate excellence in customer service and show care and concern in interpersonal communications. 
Reporting to the Plant Manager, this position will be responsible to work along side the Plant Coordinator in the operation of the shipping and receiving department by loading and unloading trucks, scheduling couriers, packaging materials and products for shipping.  The ideal candidate will collaboratively work in a team atmosphere maintaining a healthy and safe work environment at all times.
Reporting to the owner, the coordinator will be responsible for all efforts pertaining to a variety of online promotional activities as well as support for online communities and events. 
Reporting to the Maintenance Manager, the Maintenance Mechanic is responsible for the maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair of facility machinery and building infrastructure. 
Reporting to the Facilities Retail Operations Manager, the Conference Sales Coordinator will be Responsible for the sales revenue from the use of SUB Facilities, including meeting space, concourse space, vendor fairs, casual vendor space, Summer Marketplace vendor fairs and various services
Reporting to the Director of Technical Operations, you will be responsible for all areas of Project Management including design, drawing, manufacturing instructions and quality documents.  Design and estimation will be performed using the company's proprietary software.  Customer service experience is essential as regular interaction with customers, suppliers and shop personnel in Sales and Production will be the basis of this multi-faceted position.
Reporting to the Chief Finance Officer, the role is responsible for providing various accounting services: mid-sized ERP implementation, accounts payable, capital budgeting, financial analysis and database functions to support the delivery of an aggressive business strategy, developing and maintaining the capital budget and capital plan. 
Reporting into the Senior Controller, you will carry out a wide range of duties that may change over time.
Reporting directly to the program Supervisor, the School Age Assistant will work directly within the school age program facilitating activities for children ages 5 to 12.  
Reply with info and resume please
Reply with a little info on your background and time of availability. 
Reply to: job-yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org [Errors when replying to ads?]
Reply to: job-wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org [Errors when replying to ads?]
Reply to this message with resume/references. 
reliable, team player, must be able to work in a fast pace enviroment, honest and dependable.
Reliable and able to work independently
Reliable and able to work independently
Relationship development with key retail personnel 
Refilling the breakfast items as required
Recruitment Coordinator
Recognition programs and career excellence rewards. 
Receptionists:
Receptionists:
Reception: Answering phones, greeting guests, managing couriers and shipping / receiving.
Receiving 
Rec. Therapists:
Rec. Therapists:
Realtors 
Realtors  minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
Randstad&#65533;s Light Industrial Support division out of Burnaby is growing fast!
Quay Property Management Corp.
Quality customer service is required at all times.  Knowledge and/or willingness to learn about the company's eco-friendly benefits is essential.  
Qualities that will ensure your success: 
Qualities that will ensure your success: 
Qualified applicants are invited to submit a resume and cover letter including salary expectations. All applications will be held in strict confidence. 
Qualifications;
QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum Grade 12 plus two years recent related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience.  Must have current Basic First Aid Certificate, Crisis Intervention Skills training an asset.   Demonstrated knowledge/familiarity with related resources such as Mental Health System, Welfare System, and Addiction Support organizations.  Demonstrated suitability to work with disadvantaged and challenging adults in a diverse environment.  Demonstrated ability to work independently.  Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.  Demonstrated physical/mental ability to perform the duties of the job.  Demonstrated ability to deal with others effectively.  Demonstrated ability to operate related equipment.  Demonstrated ability to provide work direction and to understand and maintain client/worker boundaries.  A minimum of two years sobriety is required if substance misuse a past problem.  The job functions require a reasonably high degree of confidentiality and concentrated mental and written attention.  Limited external work may occur.  The job duties are complex and may have a few disagreeable factors.  Use of an automobile may at times be useful.  This position is team oriented.
QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum Grade 12 plus two years recent related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience.  Must have current Basic First Aid Certificate, Crisis Intervention Skills training an asset.   Demonstrated knowledge/familiarity with related resources such as Mental Health System, Welfare System, and Addiction Support organizations.  Demonstrated suitability to work with disadvantaged and challenging adults in a diverse environment.  Demonstrated ability to work independently.  Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.  Demonstrated physical/mental ability to perform the duties of the job.  Demonstrated ability to deal with others effectively.  Demonstrated ability to operate related equipment.  Demonstrated ability to provide work direction and to understand and maintain client/worker boundaries.  A minimum of two years sobriety is required if substance misuse a past problem.  The job functions require a reasonably high degree of confidentiality and concentrated mental and written attention.  Limited external work may occur.  The job duties are complex and may have a few disagreeable factors.  Use of an automobile may at times be useful. Ability to travel to variety of sites required. This position is team oriented. minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
Qualifications:  
QUALIFICATIONS:  resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications:  heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
Qualifications:  dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
QUALIFICATIONS: 
QUALIFICATIONS: 
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications: hr_marqui@gmail.com
Qualifications: jobs at blackbearpub dot com
Qualifications: dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications: <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
QUALIFICATIONS:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
QUALIFICATIONS:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications/Experience:
Qualifications include: lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
Qualifications for this role:
Qualifications and Requirements:
Qualifications &#65533; Nice to Have:
Qualifications  resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
Qualifications 
Qualifications  bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
QUALIFICATIONS 
Punjabi/English & Cantonese/English & Mandarin/English mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
PS ... Please mention in your covering letter any relevant experience that may not be reflected in your resume.  Help us see why you&#65533;re the one!
provide the rapidly growing Mac user community with professional assistance tailored to their every need. 
provide resume careers at securiguard dot com
Provide regular update and feedback to project supervisor on implementation success, potential delays and technical problems that could arise so as to help achieve goals.  <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Provide guidance and training to employees working in the Narcotics area and ensure all employees work in a safe and efficient manner.
Provide excellent customer service 
Provide excellent customer service 
Provide clear and concise technical documentation for internal and external use.  gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Proven Training System
Proven experience bidding institutional, commercial and civil projects in the $5 to $20 million dollar or larger is essential. 
Property Description:  Middle Beach Lodge is situated on 40 acres of pristine west coast wilderness it is a 64 unit lodge which offers a high level of amenities and services in a casual setting. The lodge has a dining room that serves buffet style dinners from 2 to 5 times a week. We offer an opportunity to Live, Work and Play on the Wild West Coast. Keep in mind it's more then just a job it's a lifestyle!
Project management  
Project management
Programming Languages:
Proficiency in MS Word & Excel. You prefer an industrial, casual/jeans working environment to a formal, corporate style office. 
Proficiency in MS Excel and Word. 
Professional attitude, pleasant and willing to help servers.
Professional  attitude ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
Production duties will include printing to digital colour presses and large format inkjet printers plus various finishing tasks including drymounting, trimming, and collating.  Eye for detail and quality are essential.
Product profile enhancement  industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
Product Knowledge:  Thorough understanding of the components required in providing quality care industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
Product demonstration  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
Processing Of Mortgage Applications
procedures are performed according to guidelines
PROBATIONARY/TRIAL PERIOD: Shall be 3 months/488 hours in length with reviews held at the mid and end point of the Period.  Conditional on satisfactory service, the employee shall be confirmed permanent. Unsatisfactory reviews shall end the employment.
PROBATIONARY/TRIAL PERIOD: Shall be 3 months/488 hours in length with reviews held at the mid and end point of the Period.  Conditional on satisfactory service, the employee shall be confirmed in the position until the term ends. Unsatisfactory reviews shall end the employment.
Prior registration is required (no walk-ins).  ID will be checked at the door.
Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. 
Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster.
PRIMARY: Cold-calling/ lead generation will make up approx. 60% of sales duties mhr85@shaaw.ca
Primary Responsibilities:
Primary Responsibilities:
Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Price products and stock shelves 
Price products and stock shelves 
Previous experience in fitness and reception is an asset.
Previous experience in a commission environment  mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
President, BC Lupus Society  administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
Prepare, heat and finish simple food items, 
Prepare charts
Preferred Experience: 
Preference will be given to those with experience.
Preferably live on the North Shore. 
Potential applicants must be; 
Potential applicants must be;
Post-secondary (Finance/Taxation courses)  childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
PostingID: 2051598487
PostingID: 2047163377
Posted by Mark Budworth of Shacho Consulting, please look me up on Linkedin 
Posted by Mark Budworth of Shacho Consulting, please look me up on Linkedin 
Position: Technical Writer
Position: Korean cook,  applications@plan.ca
Position: Health Care Assistant Instructor 
Position: full time Food Service Supervisor
Position: Cook 
POSITION:  
POSITION:  
Position will start in January 2011
Position Summary:
POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:  <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Position Overview 
Position is full time and permanent Please email resumes to;
Position includes: customer service, floor sales, inventory checkup, re-stocking, and cashier work 
Position includes salary plus production based incentive plan.
Position
Position
Posibilities for advancement
Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom. We align ourselves with our customers as partners to assist them in 
Portion and wrap foods, Package take-out food,  dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
Pool Services 
Pool Services  gary at quayproperty dot net
Police Foundations Certificate (completed or in progress) an asset 
Pls Ask For Meagan. cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
Please, no phone calls about this job! 
Please, no phone calls about this job!
Please visit www.plan.ca for more information 
Please visit www.plan.ca for more information hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
Please visit www.mollymaid.ca to view videos from staff members about working with us, and for detailed information on the company and what we do.
Please visit our Careers page and follow the instructions to apply. Be sure to include a cover page outlining your technical aptitude and any applicable anecdotes.  wb45@wokbox.ca
Please submit your resume using the link below:
Please submit your resume to this link and note ESTIMATOR on the subject line. 
Please submit your resume to this link and note ESTIMATOR on the subject line. 
Please submit your resume in confidence by email.
Please state the position for which you&#65533;re are applying and salary expectations in your cover letter.  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
Please state the position for which you&#65533;re are applying and salary expectations in your cover letter. 
Please specify electrical estimator application in email subject line.
Please sign in to ""IHC LOGIN"" with your selected user name and password. Here you can begin to explore all of the necessary information.  enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
Please send your resume, we will be contact you for an intervew.
please send your resume with cover letter to:
Please send your resume to maria@saltspringcoffee.com or come into the Cafe at 4295 Main St.  . 
Please send your resume to lawfirm2000@hotmail.com, Thank you for your interest.
Please send your resume and salary requirements to careers@contacservices.com
Please send your resume and portfolio to hr.marqui@gmail.com&#65533;@or Fax 604-682-7394
Please send your resume (quoting reference #10-1100C) by email to hdhatt@gvcss.bc.ca, or fax to (604) 737-2922 <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Please send your cover letter and resume via email (by clicking on the ""reply to"" link at the top of this page) to: 
Please send your application with a covering letter and resum&#65533; to josie.bradley@bclupus.org
Please send us your resume and we can go from there, thanks 
Please send us your resume and we can go from there, thanks 
Please send us your resume and our staff will be in touch with you.  Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
Please send us your resume and our staff will be in touch with you. 
Please send us your resume and a short paragraph of your experience tutoring or / and teaching. 
Please send us an email with some recent photos of yourself, as well as your resume copied and pasted directly into the email.  hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
Please send resumes attention Trish or Loc at 604-888-5964
Please send resume:
Please send resume. I am looking to be paying for the chef's labour and I can 
Please send resume with all contact information
Please send resume with 3 references to - alder.medical.clinic@telus.net
Please send resume to mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
Please send resume and COVER LETTER 
Please send resume and COVER LETTER
Please send resume / portfolio to CICADTechnologies@gmail.com
Please send resume  
Please send resume
Please send CVs to jobs@autoboxmedia.com Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
Please send a resume with you experience
Please send a resume with a cover letter confirming the above-noted requirements. Please also set 
Please send a resume which details education, employment, personal interests and skills.  A personal cover letter that lets me know why you feel you would be a good candidate is required.  Experience will be considered but will train the right applicants.  I look forward to hearing from you.
Please send a resume in strict confidence if interested 
Please send a resume in strict confidence if interested 
Please send a quick email over if you're interested, summarizing your past experience, your interest in the work I described above, and your availability. 
Please send a detailed resume to the email address noted above OR visit us online at: www.futureshop.ca 
Please send a covering letter with your resume stating whether you would prefer four days (Thursday, Friday, Saturday & Sunday) or two days only being Saturday and Sunday. <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Please send a brief cover letter with your number.
Please save this information for future reference. <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Please respond with your resume, availability and the number of hours you are looking for. Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
Please respond with the type of equipment and your hourly rate. 
Please respond via e-mail to blair@mills.ca with salary expectations.
Please respond by Monday, November 15, 2010. 
Please reply with resume for this Accounting position. 
Please reply with resume and references to:
Please reply with phone number and E-mail. Will start this week. careers@contacservices.com
Please reply with e-mail and phone number. Can start this week.
Please reply with coverletter stating the days and hours you are available. 
Please reply with coverletter stating the days and hours you are available.  ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
Please reply with a resume.
Please reply to this post. 
Please reply to the e-mail above.
Please reply me with pictures......and phone number ..
Please reply in writing to:
Please reference position title when applying  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Please put &#65533;Forklift Operator - Rchmd, Delta&#65533; in the subject line, along with your first & last name.
Please provide:
please provide resume
Please provide education, work history, and phone number for an interview. 
Please provide a resume and cover letter stating why you are the best candidate for this position and how your skills and experience fit the above requirements. Email applications in Rich Text or PDF format.
Please provide a list of your skills, experience, and a phone number for a phone interview.
Please only serious applicants need apply (pls only send 1 resume). **Looking for Someone who can Start this Friday - Doing interviews over the next Few Days***
Please only apply if you are interested in this position as a permanent position. anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
Please note that while we thank all the candidates who show their interests for this position, we regret that we are only able to contact a selected number of candidates.
Please note that experience in development or commercial/retail property accounting is a must.  Excellent salary and benefits provided. If interested in this unique role, please apply to Anna Norrstrom at anna.norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com. 
Please make sure your Resumes include all relevant work experience.
Please make an appointment at: 604-986-5613 for a job interview.
Please look at Darren's Story (#3 on the Home page) to learn more about the Community Connector role www.plan.ca. Please submit a cover letter with YOUR interests; how you connect with your friends, family and community plus your resume. We look forward to hearing from you. Email applications@plan.ca
Please log onto our website to apply for this position. 
Please let us know which specific area you could go and teach. 
Please include references.
Please include photo of yours in mail. And also time for availability. 
Please forward your resume, along with salary expectations, to us at the above address or resumes@jacobsensecretarial.com with the title &#65533;Temporary Family Law&#65533; in the subject line.
Please forward your resume with cover letter to:
Please forward you resume and cover letter in confident.
Please forward you resume and cover letter in confidence. 
Please forward resume and cover letter in PDF or Word format to hr@arcteryx.com, quoting &#65533;1011-COR-crg&#65533; in the subject line. 
Please forward Cover Letter and Resume to email link above. Only short listed applicants will be contacted. Thank you.
Please forward  applications as a reply to this positing or fax to 604-534-2005.
Please fax your resume to 604-521-4811 or email info@wespacelectric.com
Please fax your resume to 604-521-4811 or email info@wespacelectric.com salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
Please fax resume to 604 929 1125.
Please fax resume including clean drivers to 604-321-8515  resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
Please email your resume. OPENINGS ARE LIMITED. servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Please email your resume, and cover letter stating why you are the right candidate for this position. 
Please email your resume to the email provided above. jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Please email your resume to the email provided above.
Please email your resume to the above address. Shortlisted applicants will be contacted for interview. 
Please email your resume to steve.lesway@mollymaid.ca or fax to 604-241-9481
Please email your resume to Crystal or Sandra at the following email address:
PLEASE EMAIL YOUR RESUME PLUS A COVER LETTER with why you think you would be a good fit with us...plus your available work days - times....Thanks for you time & Interest.
Please email your resume directly to mgurumet@futureshop.com and include contact information.
Please email your resume ASAP. Only qualified candidates will be contacted.
Please e-mail your resume and only those that meet our requirements will be contacted for an interview
Please email your resume and include wage expectation.
Please email your resume and cover letter with &#65533;Conference Sales Coordinator&#65533; in the subject line
Please email your resume and cover letter by Nov 17, 2010 with the email subject heading &#65533;Sales Assistant&#65533;.
Please email your resume and cover letter by Nov 17, 2010 with the email subject heading &#65533;Office Assistant&#65533;. cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
Please email your resume and cover letter and mention your availability.
Please email your resume and cover letter and mention your availability.
Please email your resume and a cover letter stating your salary expectations.
Please email your resume
Please e-mail your application to Human Resources.  We ask that all applicants send their resume in an MS Word document quoting job number 3220 and title in the subject line. In order to be considered for employment at CGC, candidates selected for interviews will be required to show proof of citizenship, permanent residence or eligibility to work in Canada with no restrictions.
Please email turningbrakes@yahoo.ca if interested with current resume
Please E-Mail to winnie_li24@hotmail.com Thank you!
Please email resumes
Please email resume@studentyardworks.com for more information. 
Please email resume and only those chosen for an interview will be contacted. Thank you for your interest.
Please Email resume
Please email me with your portfolio as I need a partner to do a Request for proposal.
Please email cover letter and resume. Include hourly wage requirement. <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Please email cover letter and resume to email address referenced above. resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
Please email back describing your education, experience, criminal record, etc...........
Please email a resume MS word to jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com and quote on subject line ""Food Machinery Technician, B213-VL"".
Please drop off resume and cover letter in person to #101-2880 West 4th Ave. For any further inquires, please call Dionne, Office Manger at 604-731-6679 between 12pm and 2pm Monday to Friday or visit our website for more information at www.kitssportschiro.com.
please drop by or call i would be happy to set up a meeting with you for all the details,
please do not respond if you aren't able to work 4 days.
Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.
Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.
Please contact us a.s.a.p if you have these experiences.
Please contact the above email address and include your resume and demo reel/examples of current work.
Please contact the above email address and include your resume and demo reel/examples of current work.
Please contact Joel at Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com to apply, or visit www.mosaicjobs.com.
please contact for details <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Please call us at 604-876-7484 during &#65533;9:00 am &#65533; 6:00pm&#65533; we will not answer before or after these hours <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
Please call Manager @ 604-538-7710  or reply by email. South Surrey/White Rock.
Please call Laura to sert up interview 778 552 0960
please call 604-329-7201
Please attach a cover letter and resume <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Please arrive at the store located on cambie and 41st 
Please apply with resume.  Thank you
Please apply via the provided e-mail
Please apply to this with a current resume and abstract. 
Please apply online by visiting http://www.86network.com/jobs-available/jobdetails.aspx?jobid'=140&jobtitle'=Host%28ess%29
Please apply online by visiting http://www.86network.com/jobs-available/jobdetails.aspx?jobid'=139&jobtitle'=Expeditor
Please apply online by visiting http://www.86network.com/jobs-available/jobdetails.aspx?jobid'=138&jobtitle'=Server
Please apply in writing, with cover letter and resume, quoting competition # CC10-SAA-721-PPT13.5 by November 18, 2010. Consideration of applications will begin immediately. Applications should be sent to:
PLEASE apply in person at store or directly on craiglist with subject line - Assistant Manager - Park Royal Shopping Centre 
PLEASE apply in person at store or directly on craiglist with subject line - 3rd Keyholder
Please apply in person at our hiring hall:
Please apply in person at our hiring hall:
Please apply in person at our hiring hall:
Please apply in person at our hiring hall: sf2605 at gmail dot com
Please apply in person at our hiring hall 
Please apply in person at our hiring hall 
Please apply in person at our hiring hall  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Please apply in person at our hiring hall 
Please apply in person at our hiring hall
PLEASE apply directly on craiglist with subject line - Assistant Manager - Park Royal Shopping Centre 
Please apply by Nov 12th @ 9am Interviews next week  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Please Apply by Nov 11th - 9pm Interviews next week
Please apply by forwarding your resume and cover letter to this posting.
Pleasant personality cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
Placement:  
Picking Orders
Physical Demands:
Physical demands:
Peter
Permanent Residents and Canadian Citizens are encouraged to apply <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
Perm. position with guaranteed f/t hrs: M&#65533;F, 9-5. 
Performance, Innovation, Customer Focus, Integrity&#65533;..Web Tech Wireless 
Perform well & you&#65533;ll have all the security & success you deserve! 
Pay Rate: $12/hour for first 3 months, $14/hour after probationary period (Medical and Health Benefits are available after a 6 month probationary period)
Pay Rate - $TBA
Patient and caring
Pastry jobs may not be under the exact same scale as the standard hierarchy but they are a beautiful and insanely talented bunch in their own right.
Passionate about health, wellness and/or sports nutrition 
Passionate about health, wellness and/or sports nutrition 
Passion for Food Service and People
Part-Time NCLEX Instructors 
Part-Time GMAT, GRE, LSAT, DAT, and MCAT Instructors (6-20 hrs/wk) 
Participate to the review of client organization, processes and workflows and contribute to the proposal of a &#65533;post-picture&#65533; to maximize the benefit from products. 
Participate in functional testing to support User Acceptance Testing (UAT). 
part time/ with full time opportunity 20 to 30 hrs a week/ competitive wages 
part time/ full time opportunity
Parking Enforcement Officers are charged with the responsibility of enforcing by-laws as proposed and sanctioned by UBC. This is inspectional, regulatory and investigational work entailing public relations and liaison tasks in which the incumbent exercises independent judgment, action, and tact. 
Papa Murphy's International is the fifth-largest pizza chain in the country and the pioneer and leader of the take 'n' bake pizza segment. Papa Murphy's operates over 1,200 franchised and corporate-owned locations in 32 states and Canada. Papa Murphy&#65533;s offers custom-made pizzas featuring high-quality fresh toppings generously layered on pizza dough that is made fresh each morning in each store.  Papa Murphy's has been voted &#65533;Best Pizza Chain in America&#65533; seven consecutive years by consumers nationwide in the Restaurants and Institutions &#65533;Consumers' Choice in Chains&#65533; survey and is a four-time recipient of Pizza Today&#65533;s Chain of the Year award, most recently in 2009.  <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
Paid Training provided.
Paid training for suitable candidates
Paid per job set up. 
Paid per job set up for company. alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
Paid each week.
Paid each week.
Pacific Coast Information Systems team is looking forward to seeing your resume.
P/T TO START WILL BE F/T AFTER 1 MONTH OF TRAINING. STARTING PAY $12/HR + GAS ALLOWANCE + TIPS + GREAT BONUSES AND INCENTIVES. WE ARE ONLY LOOKING FOR THE BEST!  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
P/T or F/T, flex days and hrs. from Tuesday to Saturday.
Owner
OVERVIEW: 
Overview 
Oversee the efficient running of Earthsave Canada&#65533;s office, including bookkeeping; develop efficient systems; formalize routines; oversee volunteers; and provide administrative support for campaigns and programs. 
Oversee all maintenance requirements. 
Outstanding communication skills  minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
Outstanding communication (able to develop relationships with internal and external customers) 
Outgoing and Fun 
out your availability in hours as well as your ideal schedule. 
Out of town work contract 2 wks.&#65533;
Out of town accomodation and food provided&#65533;
OUT Bound Call/Sales Centre  killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Our working environment is fast paced, energetic, team oriented and not your typical &#65533;9-5&#65533; atmosphere. Also, there is absolutely NO YAWNING ALLOWED! We believe that, in order for an organization to succeed, everyone in it must be inspired and motivated towards the same goals.  careers@contacservices.com
Our work time is from 6:00 AM TO 2:30 PM
Our work is both indoor and outdoor.  We have several sites and jobs running at this time.
Our team, headed by industry icon Angus Reid, leads the world in interactive research. We&#65533;re growing fast, developing cutting-edge technology and research techniques that bring clients the insight they need to get inspired, be innovative and make bankable decisions.
Our team members include people like you - enthusiastic, innovative, passionate and energetic. We believe that you'll find our high-performance culture personally fulfilling, professionally challenging and financially rewarding. Join our team and make your future friendly too. 
Our team members include people like you - enthusiastic, innovative, passionate and energetic. We believe that you?ll find our high-performance culture personally fulfilling, professionally challenging and financially rewarding. 
Our stores open at different times of the day, night and overnight depending on the flight schedule so we have many different shifts. Preference will be given to candidates with flexible schedules and those with an ability to speak a second language. 
Our Sales and Marketing company is looking for ambitious and enthusiastic individuals to start in exciting entry level openings in sales,marketing and customer service. 
our product for us.
our product for us. applications@plan.ca
OUR PREFERENCES FOR THIS POSITION
our people,
Our office is conducting interviews this week with candidates for our sales management positions.
OUR IMMENSE ABILITIES:
Our growth has created an opportunity in our Vancouver office for an:
Our growing coffee company is looking for an Customer Service Rep to help grow our business.
Our facility is currently a scratch baking establishment and non automated. I am considering different options and looking for someone who has used or even better equiped another bakery with automated baking equipment such as depositors, molders sheeters etc.
Our distinguished team has an immediate opening for an Inside Sales person.  Someone with vast custom metal fabrication knowledge and a proven background in sales. This is a hybrid role: one part scoping out new opportunities & servicing existing accounts. Second part estimating on the work to be done.  Working closely with the other estimators and sometimes doing it yourself, the goal is to ensure that requests for quotes are handled in a timely fashion.
Our current line-up of titles includes popular fighting games such as Rumble Fighter and Lost Saga as well as Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Games (MMORPG) such as La Tale. 
Our continued growth requires some additional expertise to complement our team. As the Customer Service Station Attendant we will offer you a benefits package that includes; AD & D Insurance with loss of wage protection, Life Insurance, Extended Health, Dental and Prescription Drug Plan, Group RRSP contribution, Uniform and dry-cleaning services and fourteen days paid vacation after one year of employment. We also offer paid training for this position and encourage your continued growth and success with Commissionaires BC. To learn more visit us at www.commissionaires.ca  careers at securiguard dot com
Our continued growth requires some additional expertise to complement our Security Guarding team. As a successful applicant you are able to complete a RCMP level criminal/security clearance and hold a valid Security License. You have Occupational First Aid 1, or are willing to complete this required qualification at your own expense. You are flexible and are willing to work various shifts including; mornings, afternoons and nights. 
Our company is looking for smart, fun & dynamic people to join our growing team. We know that to remain competitive, we have to offer a rewarding work experience, competitive compensation and benefits. We care about our employees and our professional growth. We are looking for you.
Our company is experiencing a major expansion in this area. 
Our company has been in the forefront of the asset protection arena for over 30 years. We have become one of British Columbia's largest and most trusted private security organizations. Due to recent growth and new opportunities, we have now the immediate need for experienced Control Room Operators. 
Our client, a leader in their industry, has approached us for assistance is search for an Administrative Assistant to join their Finance team. This is a 1 year contract with a very well respected organization in their downtown, corporate headquarters. 
Our client, a highly reputable and well-established Canadian organization, is currently looking for a Warehouse Coordinator for their Narcotics Division.  
Our client is looking for a Lead Carpenter for a long term role. This individual needs to come from a rough carpentry background with 5 + years experience with in building constructing. This person should have 2 + years of experience dealing with other trades (both collecting quotes for projects and basic trouble shooting regarding carpentry integration with other trades).  This individual will be responsible for collecting quotes from various subcontractors and giving his/her opinion on awarded contracts. The successful candidate should understand and value work place safety as our client places this as their first priority. This individual will be responsible for giving direction on site, doing carpentry work and leading other carpenters and trades. 
Others! 
Others! 
Other: Applicant must be fluent in Spanish. Being familiar with Mexico's business environment is an asset. Applicant will recruit, train & oversee staff in Mexico & Canada. Please apply by E-MAIL only.
Other Specific Requirements: salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
Other Languages: Spanish
Other Information: Experience in face to face marketing and team management is an asset. Canadian citizens and immediate availability will be given priority. Must be able to relocate upon request. Please contact us. 
Other information:
other Asian language  will be an asset
Original Ad: CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
organization and neatness; troubleshooting. ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
or email 
or email
or are you  tired of your old location or your current boss, bring your clientele and work with a great team of professionals in a modern and relaxed setting.  careers at securiguard dot com
or any talented individual looking to make money.
or any talented individual looking to make money.
Or  come in anytime after 11:00 am 
Optometrists 
Optometrists 
Optional qualification: product development experience using VB6 chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
Optimistic and willing to change items quickly based on client feed back.
Optimistic and willing to change items quickly based on client feed back.
Opportunity to pick up extra shifts through out the week depending on credentials.
Opportunity to grow with the business
operating in the institutional, commercial, industrial and multi-unit residential sectors as an employee-owned company, 
opening shift starting @ 6:30 am resume_at_studentyardworks_dot_com
Only with travel can good telephone sales reps make $2000 cheques.  $120 per sale!
Only those selected for interviews will be contacted. All applications will be treated with strict confidentiality. No phone calls, please. 
Only those persons selected for interviews will be contacted. To all others, thank you for your interest.  <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Only those candidates selected for further consideration will be contacted.  We thank all applicants for their interest.  No phone calls please.
Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
Only qualified individuals will be contacted for interview/briefing/orientation. 
Only qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.
Only qualified candidates will be contacted
Only capable applicants please. salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
Only candidates with banking or credit union experience will be considered. 
Only applicants with 2-3 years photography experience will be considered. As well, completion of courses in Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Indesign, and CSS based web design is required, as these are the programs that we use to maintain our online portfolio and edit our photos. Must be able to provide documentation of formal training in photography. Experience using Adobe Photoshop Lightroom desired. Applicants must be able to show a portfolio of first-shooter work, and be able to stand and stay focused for 13 hour duration. 
Only $12 per client and less for more than one, with bootcamp class opportunities.  It does not matter if they are a member or not here.  We can even cap your rate so that you simply pay a fixed cost and train as much as you need.
One late night host on Sat 1AM~5AM, Sun 1AM~5AM.
One Indian Baker. 
one inch chisel, slip bar, nail bar.
One hour lessons to be Monday & Wednesday after school
Once travelers clear security our job is to help them purchase last minute gifts, souvenirs and little luxuries before they fly. We have on average 30 minutes to take care of all their needs before they head to their boarding gate. Your role is to make sure our passengers get everything they want and perhaps a little more, before leaving with a smile on their face. 
On time rain or shine. 
On time rain or shine.
On behalf of our reputable client, reporting to the Engineering and Maintenance Manager, the ideal candidate would be a Maintenance professional (Mechanical or Electrical) with strong troubleshooting skills and frontline supervisory experience in a medium sized industrial unionized facility.  administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
On behalf of our client, we are seeking a dedicated, self-motivated individual who is interested in technology and technical communication. Team members contribute to a variety of new and existing products. Their enthusiasm for learning and writing is equaled by their commitment to working on a team to produce quality documentation.
On behalf of our client we are seeking a .NET Developer for an ongoing contract position.  
Office maintenance: Managing vendors and suppliers for repairs and maintenance, cleaning, security, and any other issues related to the building.
Office hours are Monday to Friday 8:30-5:00  dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
Office equipment: Ensuring office equipment is maintained in good working order.
Office Assistants:
Office Assistants:
Office administration: Ensuring all supplies are well-stocked, including office supplies, stationary, refreshments, and anything else needed to run the office efficiently.
o writing course content from given learning objectives and standards, 
o The ability to lift, slide and lower packages that typically weigh 25lbs-50lbs and may weigh up to 75lbs 
o The ability to demonstrate Company values of Innovation, Teamwork, Ambition, and Integrity  jobs at blackbearpub dot com
o Strong computer skills and math aptitude 
o Selling industrial and construction supplies business to business 
o preparing participant materials, 
o Possess or are working towards an Associates Degree in Business/Marketing OR have equivalent industry experience and knowledge of the local market
o Managing account collections for assigned accounts 
o Maintaining and growing the existing customer base 
o Maintaining and growing customer inventory programs 
o instructor outline and notes, 
o exams and test criteria,  chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
o Developing and executing a sales plan in the local territory to meet/exceed sales goals  <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
o determining necessary course materials, tools and equipment, and 
o creating, selecting and incorporating print and web-based segments, modules, as appropriate 
o Conducting cold calls with manufacturing, maintenance, construction, job sites and other industrial accounts  service@derosaauto.ca
o Completing required training within the training period (if applicable) 
o Able to work up to 50 hours per week (overtime eligible for Sales Trainee position) 
o A valid driver's license and the ability to meet our driving record requirements  heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
o A strong aptitude for sales and desire to earn salary plus commission after the training period 
o 18 years of age or over 
o careers_at_pcis_dot_com
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
Nurses:
Nurses:
November 23rd, 2010.  All applications are to include a cover letter with the Job Posting number and resume to be submitted to the Administration office at 429 Alexander St. Vancouver, V6A 1C6. 
Nothing complimentary with the job, no pop or coffee, you will be charged for everything
Note: This position is based in Shanghai and requires periodic travel to Thailand and the US
Note: Successful applicants will be required to consent to a Criminal Record Search prior to employment. 
NOTE: If you are interested in this position, Please apply by E-MAIL only at gmathiesen@quayproperty.net Resumes sent by other means will NOT be considered. No phone calls please. We will only contact those candidates we wish to interview. victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
Not looking for trainers looking for an hourly cheque, but those looking to train...Full membership privelidges etc...etc...for those who qualify as well as corporate account leads...
No teaching experience is necessary (although it is preferred). We will train you to be a great instructor. You should be a great presenter, a believer in the effectiveness of Kaplan&#65533;s methods, a caring and compassionate mentor of students, and a responsible employee. 
NO PHONE CALLS. careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
No phone calls please.  hr_marqui@gmail.com
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE. 
No phone calls please.
No phone calls please.
No phone calls please.
No phone calls please 
No phone calls please 
No phone calls please 
No phone calls please 
No phone calls please <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
No phone calls please
NO PHONE CALLS OR RECRUITERS
No email attachments. 
Nice to have 
New/Small Market Leadership
Network and Infrastructure IIS 5 - 7 years 
negotiating with owners and subcontractors, maintaining historical cost data and preparing project budgets. 
Need a helper for renovation business,
Nature & Scope:
Nail Technicians - full or part time 
N.S.C certified, familiar with D.O.T and C.S.V. inspections a must. 
My client plans to hire several BAs at a variety of levels
Must work every other Saturday. nwwf@shawbiz.ca
MUST submit description of experience as a Masonry Labourer
must reside in MONTECITO area. No cash, real job. P/T, around 10-12 hours per week. $15+ hour.
MUST read/write & speak both English & other language fluently
must provide a proven sales track records.
Must possess excellent work ethics, punctuality a must, responsible and reliable
Must have valid drivers license and references for the past three years minimum available.
Must have Strong Communication skills, able to speak clearly on phone and radios. 
Must have recent medical office experience, excellent customer service skills and the ability to multi-task. <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
Must have previous managing gym or fitness center experiences with good track records and 5 good references: salary negotiable plus override commission for front and back end sales, industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
Must have own car and cellular phone.
Must have experience with ADP and Ceridian. 
Must have experience in hauling & supplying aggregate in the lower mainland. 
Must have experience in dispatching, supervising super-B side dumps, dump trucks & GPS tracking systems preferred within aggregate/trucking company. 
Must have a minimum of 2 years experience within the trucking industry.  heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
must have a minimum 2 years sales experience in retail / fitness .
Must have a good understanding of leasing andrental properties.  <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
Must be willing to provide housekeeping services.
Must be willing to provide housekeeping services and social transportation.
-must be willing to learn new things, be ok with pushing beyond your comfort zone! 
Must be willing to complete a criminal record check.
Must be self-sufficient and a self-starter.  We need to be able to tell this person what needs to be done and have them execute it with little to no supervision. lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
Must be PUNCTUAL, RELIABLE, GOOD ATTITUDE, ENCTHUSIASTIC, PHYSICALY FIT.
must be punctual and have a good work ethic. 
Must be proficient with computers, organizing and completing paperwork. 
Must be Proficient with computers, organizing and completing paperwork. 
Must be professional in appearance. gary at quayproperty dot net
must be outgoing/driven and have an entrepreneurial personality.
Must be outgoing and love working with people.  Potential opportunity for advancement.  There is also commission on all sales made.  Only qualified candidates will be contacted.  The facility is about 50,000 sq. feet.  Please specify availability.
Must be outgoing and love working with people.  Potential opportunity for advancement.  There is also commission on all sales made.  Only qualified candidates will be contacted.  The facility is about 50,000 sq. feet.  Please specify availability.
Must be outgoing and love working with people.  Potential opportunity for advancement.  There is also commission on all sales made.  Only qualified candidates will be contacted.  The facility is about 50,000 sq. feet.  Please specify availability. info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
must be open to inside and outsides sales contact.
Must be honest, friendly and reliable.
Must be honest, friendly and reliable. careers_at_pcis_dot_com
Must be honest, friendly and reliable.
Must Be Fully Bondable
Must be flexible in availability (2 evenings minimum) and possibly Saturday mornings.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Must be extremely detail oriented. 
Must be experienced and have a good abstract. 
Must Be Excellent With The Public And Have a Proven Track Record
Must be excellent driver with SUV experience it's BMW X-3. Knowledge of Metro Vancouver roads must!
Must be committed and available to start immediately. Positions are limited.
MUST BE BILINGUAL - MUST SPEAK ENGLISH AND PERSIAN! If you are not bilingual please do not respond. 
Must be available for all shifts, weekdays and weekends
Must be available both days!
Must be able to work weekdays and weekends 
must be able to work fast pace
must be able to use POS system and debit/credit card processing
Must be able to multitask and have excellent customer service. Duties include:
Must be able to multi task and work well in a team environment. 
Must be 
Must be
Must also be Fluent in the English Language 
Most of the rooms are prebuilt but additional modelling and texturing will be required.
Most of the rooms are prebuilt but additional modelling and texturing will be required.
More info/Apply: http://www.hireme.ca/job/d1449f899f3f3f91/david-aplin-recruiting/warehouse-coordinator-narcotics-division-jobs
More details will be offered for prospective employees.  
More about the job&#65533;. 
Mondays,Wednesdays, Fridays from 3:30pm-7:30pm anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
Monday to Saturday: 10am &#65533; 10pm
Monday to Friday 
Monday 4:30pm-10:30pm
Monday &#65533; Friday Hours: 8:00 am &#65533; 12:00 pm or 1:00pm &#65533; 5:00 pm
Monday - Friday: 9:30AM
Monday - Friday: 6:00AM
Monday - Friday 10am &#65533; 9pm 
Mini-Van (NO CARS).............1 Ton ................3 Ton..................5 Ton..............Hi-ab
Minimum two years retail sales experience 
Minimum two years retail sales experience 
Minimum requirements: 
Minimum requirements for consideration: 
Minimum requirements for consideration: minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
-Minimum of 1 years experience 
Minimum for what you where asking for 18-20hr.
Minimum Experience: One year in a fast-paced customer service centre, Internet operations centre, or similar experience. 
Minimum Education: University degree in computer science, computer technology, new media or a related field. 
-Minimum 5 years experience with FULL CYCLE Accounts Payables & Accounts Receivables. 
Minimum 3 years experience
Minimum 2-3 yrs related CSR/Sales Order Desk experience. Excellent communication & customer service skills and accurate data entry skills. 
Minimum 2 years of experience as a Junior or Senior Chef
-Minimum 2 years experience with VB6
-Minimum 2 years experience with VB.Net
-Minimum 2 years experience with GUI
Minimum 19 years of age, High School diploma, good physical health 
Minimum 10 years experience preparing estimates and lump sum tenders for a general contractor at the senior level.  careers at securiguard dot com
Min. 2+ years condo concierge experience with valid security licence
Min wage asking for is $25.00/ hour. Or on Contract basis..
Michael gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Merci! Thanks!
merchandising@responsesolutions.ca 
Merchandising 
Mentor less experienced members of the team
Meet/ exceed company standards on all key performance areas. 
Meet or exceed personal and sales targets 
meet all the requirements. Interested applicants please email your resume and/or phone number. Thank you.
Medical Marijuana Inc. Traded on the NASDAQ 
mbuworth@shaw.ca
may lead to better job opportunities.
Massage Therapists 
Massage Therapists 
Marketing, New Media, IT and Engineering. http://www.hirelounge.com
Marketing, New Media, Information Technology and Engineering in 21 different countries including the United States, Canada, 
Marketing Program Communication
Marketing Distribution And Creation
Many different programs and brand promotion opportunities are available across Canada. Choose the programs of interest to you and select shifts according to your schedule. 
Management trainees learn all aspects of our business including advertising, marketing, promotional sales, customer service, campaign development, campaign management and business management. 
Management Opportunities
Male : lean physique  <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
making few paninis and helping chef/baker with prep work
Make sure your cover letter appears within the body of your email and that your resume is attached, with your last name on it, not &#65533;Earthsave.doc&#65533; Your cover letter is important. Please indicate your suitability to answering phone calls about vegan diets. Ensure you have the relevant bookkeeping experience before applying. bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
Make recommendations on best banking practices and alert the project manager/supervisor on practices that might damage the client&#65533;s business or contradict legal requirements, before recognition as a problem by the client.  careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
Make judgement calls with respect to incorrect or questionable orders.  killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Major Responsibilities: 
Major Responsibilities: 
Major Responsibilities: 
Maintenance Technician/Mechanic (3 Positions) 
Maintaining and updating social media including Facebook, Twitter and more mhr85@shaaw.ca
Maintain safety and environmental policies and procedures 
Maintain meticulous records and respond to any inquiries from government bodies and internal and external customers. 
Maintain current knowledge of the latest technology products and industry trends.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Maintain an awareness of current promotional 
Maintain a neat and orderly office and reception area
Main Duties :
mail to: 1635 Robson St. Vancouver, BC V6G 1C8
mail to 1518 Robson St. Vancouver, BC V6G 1C2
maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
Lunch and breakfast will be included ;)
Looking to hire immediately.  Please forward your resume. killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Looking to hire as soon as possible. Please send your resume and available references to info@deepssunshinecleaning.com 
Looking to become a Server but have no experience? We are currently hiring for a Server-in-training!
Looking for someone who can fabricate and install aluminum panels. We have tools and machinery. Part-time is OK. Please email resume. minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
Looking for job security?  How about a recession proof industry?  Interested or experienced in the industrial food environment?  If so, read on...
Looking for entrepreneur, industrial area with thousands of businesses.  Completely renovated massage space which is mint.
Looking for an individual to work full time inculding some evenings and 1-2 Saturdays a month. 
Looking for a motivated hard working individual that can pay attention to details, and takes pride In his/her work. Must be self motivated, and also work well
Look forward to hearing from you...
Look around and understand.
Long Term Career Earning Potential
Long Term applicants only with a keenness and desire to grow as the company grows!! 
Long hrs to start but may be worth it anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
lol, yeah. 
LOCATIONS: Mission 
Location:Vancouver, BC
Location: Vancouver, BC,  hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
Location: Vancouver, BC 
LOCATION: VANCOUVER INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 
Location: Vancouver - Central Area, British Columbia (1 vacancy) 
Location: Vancouver
Location: Vancouver sf2605 at gmail dot com
Location: Langley 
Location: Downtown Vancouver, British Columbia (5 vacancies) 
Location:  Vancouver, British Columbia (1 vacancy) 
Location:
Location:
Location will be at International Village Mall (Tinseltown), near Rogers Arena in Vancouver. Walking distance from the Stadium skytrain station. Full-time and part-time positions are available. Must be able to work &#65533;retail&#65533; hours as follows:
LOCATION UBC 
Located in the city of Burnaby, you will be working with a team of professionals helping people feel safe in a state of the art Control Center. Reporting to the Senior Operator, you will be instrumental in reporting threats, helping to resolve emergencies and dispatching resources to security situations. 
located @ DT Vancouver near water front
Local Store Marketing Implementation victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
Like most retail roles you will merchandise the stock, work on the cash registers, and keep the stores neat and tidy. The emphasis is on friendly, helpful service. Your customers come from all over the world you may speak their language you may not so you need patience and a sense of humour to get by on occasion.  <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
light dishwashing
lifting up to 50lbs  jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Lifestyles Benefit Program &#65533; tailor your benefit coverage to better suit your individual needs 
Liaise with the maintenance groups to ensure that the product problems identified are understood and resolved. 
Learning and development opportunities to take your career to the next level  <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Learn the menu at www.thedunbar.ca before you drop off your resume  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Leadership:  Motivates and inspires self and others to take action to achieve desired outcomes.
Lead Baker (North Burnaby)
Lawyers 
Lawyers  jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
Lawn mowing, weeding, cleaning up leaves, pruning, some paving work, snow removal for winter.
Laser Hair Removal Technicians - full or part time (trained on Lumenis LightSheer preferred) 
Larry Rosenberg and co.. are long time vipers with one goal in mind; Deceive the public, in the attempt to portray a quality family moving service! This is far from the truth. They have multiple complaints against them for employee discrimination, slander, racism, theft, customer dissatisfaction, etc.
Large downtown firm requires an intermediate to senior level experienced corporate paralegal, starting January 2011.  Position may initially start as a one year contract with the possiblity of extension.  Minimum 5 years experience as a Corporate Paralegal in a Canadian law firm is necessary; position will not suit foreign trained lawyers. 
Languages: You must be fluent in English and French. Skills in other languages, including German, and Spanish, would be assets.
Languages: Speak English, Read English, Write English
Languages: must be a bilingual (English and Shona) 
Languages: English (written & spoken). Other languages will be an asset. 
Language: English required, Japanese asset
Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities:
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Knowledge of: basic accounting principles, Excel, Microsoft Word, and computerized accounting systems preferred.  Fax resume to 604-879-9164 or reply to this ad.  
Knowledge of Windows based applications, Timberline estimating software and digitizer is preferred. 
Knowledge of Slovak, Czech or Hungarian cuisine is a definite asset. 
Knowledge of object oriented programming and experience using classes in VB6
Knowledge of consumer electronics is an asset. 
Knowledge of Applied Robotics (Win Rx) and pharmacy practice is an asset, training will be provided. 
Knowledge of a defect tracking system such as Bugzilla or JIRA
Knowledge in Tracker Software a bonus!  applications@plan.ca
Knowledge and experience using VB6 common controls such as treeview, listview, etc.
Kitchen experience is preferred.
Kitchen Assistants:
Kitchen Assistants: careers_at_pcis_dot_com
Kindly send a covering letter and detailed resume, outlining your work history to Heidi Kivritsky. nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Key Responsibilities: 
Key Responsibilities:
Key responsibilities:
Key responsibilities of a Cashier include: Maintain the customer service and checkout area for prompt and  victor@goldsgymbc.ca
Key Responsibilities
Key Responsibilities resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:  victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
KEY FOCUS: Pack, polly and protect customers belongings. Act as a lead worker to other team members in this area and perform related work as required. Document contents as they are removed from the job site, and ensure that contents are properly stored and labeled. Clean residential and commercial properties at various project stages. 
KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY     
KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: 
Keeping the breakfast area clean at all times
Keep records of the quantities of food used 
Kathleen and Company Hair Studio 838 west 15th north Vancouver { Just off of Fel street}604-904-4700 cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
Kaplan is a great place to work if you&#65533;re seeking teaching experience or if you want a challenging and fulfilling part-time job. Teachers receive paid training and ongoing support to build their teaching, presenting, and mentoring skills. We encourage you to commit as much time to teaching as you have available.  Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
Josie Bradley info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
Joneve Shoes is a division of Sterling Shoes LP, a leading Canadian footwear retailer with over 160 stores across Canada. 
Jonathan
Join the (world largest 3 million member ) Gold's Gym fitness team in BC!
Join our team to build your career at a great place to work, and help us make a difference. 
JOIN OUR TEAM and APPLY! info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
JobText
Job Summary: Within a given Market, a Market Merchant will provide 2 to 4 Store Leaders with support and talent in merchandise presentation to meet and exceed company standards. They predict and solve the &#65533;what&#65533;s next?&#65533; in presentation. info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
JOB SPECIFICATIONS:  
JOB SPECIFICATIONS:  chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
Job sites are located between Vancouver and Whistler with majority of work indoors but some outdoors.
Job sites are between Vancouver and Whistler
Job responsibilities include the following: 
Job responsibilities include the following: 
Job Responsibilities and Duties: gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Job requirements: Min. 3 years of work experience,
Job requirements: Min. 3 years Exp., Basic English,
Job Requirements: 
Job Requirements: 
Job Requirements:
Job Requirements Include: 
Job Requirements Include:  servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Job Requirements Include: 
Job Requirements  Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
Job Qualifications Include: 
Job Purpose
Job Profile: victor@goldsgymbc.ca
Job Profile 
Job Link: https://www.select2perform.com/default?action'=url&key'=ef1efc538594d3 Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
Job is perfect for part time college student, stay at home mother
Job is perfect for part time college student, stay at home mother
Job duties: Prepare and cook Korean food items, mgurumet at futureshop dot com
Job duties: Prepare and cook Korean food items
JOB DUTIES:  As posted, in brief; to provide support, supervision and aid to distressed/disoriented/disabled adults, to accept referrals; identify and share information on a variety of Lookout or external resources.  Refers guests to services, interviews and provides with the basic necessities ensuring a safe and supportive environment for all; complete the required paper work to do above; maintain statistical data; support tenants/volunteers/anyone coming for assistance, and aid in the training/upgrading of staff including casuals.
JOB DUTIES:  As posted, in brief; to provide support, supervision and aid to distressed/disoriented/disabled adults, to accept referrals; identify and share information on a variety of  Lookout or external resources.  Refers guests to services, interviews and provides with the basic necessities ensuring a safe and supportive environment for all; complete the required paper work to do above; maintain statistical data; support tenants/volunteers/anyone coming for assistance, and aid in the training/upgrading of staff including casuals. jobs at blackbearpub dot com
Job Duties: 
Job Duties Include: 
Job duties include:  lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
Job Duties Include:
Job Duties Include:
Job Details: 
JOB DESCRIPTION: Shelter Resource Workers are the front line staff working within a 24 hour, 7 day-a-week emergency shelter for adult homeless men and women who cope with a wide variety of problems (eg. mental illness, addictions, etc.) and have few if any housing options.   The Shelter Resource Worker carries out a variety of duties related to the operation of the shelter including accepting referrals based on predetermined criteria, intaking and orienting guests, providing support that meets the needs of clients entering the shelter including but not limited to the provision of food, clothing and support towards the resolutions of issues that have rendered them homeless.  The Shelter Resource Worker deals with the public, other service agencies and professionals involved in the support of the clientele. 
JOB DESCRIPTION: Shelter Resource Workers are the front line staff working within a 24 hour, 7 day-a-week emergency shelter for adult homeless men and women who cope with a wide variety of problems (e.g. mental illness, addictions, etc.) and have few if any housing options.   The Shelter Resource Worker carries out a variety of duties related to the operation of the shelter including accepting referrals based on predetermined criteria, intaking and orienting guests, providing support that meets the needs of clients entering the shelter including but not limited to the provision of food, clothing and support towards the resolutions of issues that have rendered them homeless.  The Shelter Resource Worker deals with the public, other service agencies and professionals involved in the support of the clientele. 
Job Description: 
JOB DESCRIPTION: 
Job Description: 
JOB DESCRIPTION:
Job Description: applications@plan.ca
Job Description:
Job Description: <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Job Description:
Job Description:
Job Description and Responsibilities:
Job Description  mgurumet at futureshop dot com
Job Code: BBB202
Job Benefits and Perks:
Jacobsen Secretarial Services is a full-service recruitment & staffing agency and human resource solution provider located in Surrey. We've been successfully bringing individuals and businesses together since 1991. For more information about us, or to view additional opportunities, please visit our website at: www.jacobsensecretarial.com 
It's worth it to try something new - isn't it?
It's time to move out of beautiful BC it's not worth it.
It's crazy that people think they can get away with paying others that.
ITFrontDesk is based in Nashville,TN and has customers throughout the US and Canada. Check out our products at www.itfrontdesk.com . Our products can be used by anyone who makes appointments and our customer list includes, but is not limited to: 
Italy&#65533;s spiced history for the back of a bottle, Chile&#65533;s Colchauga Valley foothills in 5 choice words or less. You paint pictures with words and tales with mere fonts.  The brand is yours to seduce, to charm, to breathe life into.   Tell them the story of the vintner who harvests religiously after midnight, the owner who dreamt the label name, the great- grandchildren who took the wine to meet International wine making standards over a hundred years later. 
It is my hope that by living together and working out with someone DAILY, I will be 50 pounds lighter and will have adjusted by life sufficiently to continue living a more balanced life after ONE YEAR. 
It is also important to have own car since may need to do some local deliveries in the begining. 
is seeking 2 telemarketers, to cold call & set up appts for Outside Sales Reps.  mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
Is Hiring for a Store Manager!!
is hiring a SENIOR ESTIMATOR. 
Inventory 
Interviews November 14-15.
interview will be contacted. All applicants must email resume & cover letter [Word or PDF format]; jobs@blackbearpub.com
Interested? Please send your resume to cannew616@yahoo.ca  Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
Interested persons must meet certain demographic criteria in order to participate.
Interested candidates should forward their resume and cover letter via email to the address supplied no later than November 12th, quoting &#65533;Marketing and Events Manager&#65533; in the subject line.
Interested candidates should contact: 
Interested applicants, please forward your resume and covering letter, quoting Ref # 10-1000C by email to hdhatt@gvcss.bc.ca or  fax to (604) 737-2922.
Interested applicants please respond by email with a brief description of your sales or related experience. No resume required, as evaluation will mostly based on interview.
Interested applicants are requested to forward email-friendly portfolios
Interested applicants are asked to please email their resume with attached cover letter to the address found above. 
Interested and qualified applicants (must have ECE, ECE assistant certificate, Montessori or Reggio experience). Please e-mail resumes. contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
Interest and knowledge of IP networking, VoIP, video/IP, network management and distributed applications  mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Interesados llamar al 604 700 5207 con Carlos o al 604 505 9455 con Luis
Insurance industry  childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
Instructions : 
Install custom enhancements and validate technical setup and conduct necessary testing to ensure user acceptance and global quality of the solution delivered.  <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Inspired we are, our office nestled amidst the North Shore&#65533;s beautiful mountains, conceiving projects from simple and straightforward to elaborate and complex. 
Innovation and Growth  
In-Home Residential Support Worker 
In-Home Residential Support Worker <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
Industrial area with 1000's of businesses and renovated massage office area.  Fantastic opportunity.  Looking for entreprenereul spirit. sf2605 at gmail dot com
Individual must meet the following qualifications:
Individual must have own vehicle and clean driving absract. info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
In-Aisle Sales 
In your role as a Technical Writer, you will be responsible for writing documentation for end-users and administrators. You will be required to combine your technical knowledge with your writing skills to create clear, concise, and technically accurate materials. Furthermore, you will also be required to solve problems and to think creatively to meet requirements and deadlines.
In your role as a Dishwasher, you will work together with other Team Members to assure that all objectives and goals of the department and store, as communicated by the Team Leader/Store Leadership, are met or exceeded. Abides by the strictest standards of physical and food safety, freshness and sanitation.  hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
in Vancouver. 
In this position, you will be required to: 
In order to qualify for this position, you must have the following: 
In Canada it's 
In April - Sept of 2010 our sales people received on average 3 appointments per day and are closing 1 out of 4.
In addition to bringing a commitment to YMCA vision and values, and an orientation to service, the candidate should possess the following competencies:
In addition Indian Sweet makers must be able to prepare all Indian Sweets; and Indian Baker should be familiar with Indian Baking (eg: Rus Cakes ect...)
In accordance with our mandate, applicants with service in the Canadian Forces or RCMP will be given preference, however, all qualified applicants will be considered.  jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
In accordance with our mandate, applicants with service in the Canadian Forces or RCMP will be given preference, however, all qualified applicants will be considered. 
In accordance with our mandate, applicants with service in the Canadian Forces or RCMP will be given preference, however, all qualified applicants will be considered. 
In a team environment.  Must have valid drivers license and vehicle (which will sometimes be used for occasional installs) plenty of room to grow in the company.  Please note this is an entry level position however previous experience can adjust starting pay.  heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
Immediate opening, benefits. Hourly rate commensurate with experience. Send resume immediately.
Im seeking FULLTIME hours, (40+)  without delays in  between.
IICRC, & CCRN protocols
If you're interested in joining our team, please send your resume to devjobs@apparentnetworks.com.
If your skills and experience meet with our client's requirements, we will forward your details for consideration. By submitting your resume and/ or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us to use your details for this purpose.
If you&#8217;re interested in joining our team, please send your cover letter, and resume in Word or PDF format. Let us know the geographic areas where you are interested in working and provide us details on your sales success. 
If you&#65533;re interested in starting 2010 off right, give us a call!
If you&#65533;d like look at Darren's Story (#3 on the Home page) to learn more about the Community Connector role www.plan.ca. Please submit a cover letter with YOUR interests; how you connect with your friends, family and community plus your resume. We look forward to hearing from you. Email applications@plan.ca
If you would like to learn more about Aquae Sulis Holistic Spa, please check out our website www.aquaesulis-spa.com careers@contacservices.com
If you would like to become an integral part of a fast-growing team, we would like
If you would like to be considered for this position, please forward your resume (in Word format) to with Technical Writer in the subject field.
If you would like to be considered for this position please forward your resume  with Payroll Manager Delta Burnaby in the subject field. 
If you would like an opportunity to join a great organization were we believe teamwork is the key to success, please send your resume and cover letter to the email above.
If you would enjoy working with our team of committed professionals, please submit your resume and cover letter by email quoting &#65533;CSSA - Mission&#65533; in the subject line.  victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
If you would enjoy working with our team of committed professionals, please forward your resume detailing your relevant background. Please include &#65533;UBC Endowment Lands&#65533; in the subject line. 
If you think this position is right for you, kindly forward resume to us. We are looking forward to hear from you. careers@contacservices.com
If you think that you are right for this position, email your resume with photos of your personal floral designs to contact@brentwoodflorists.com .
If you share our dream, and have the experience, let's talk.  hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
If you meet the required criteria and are interested in the above position, please APPLY HERE.  industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
If you meet the required criteria and are interested in the above position, please APPLY HERE.
If you meet the required criteria and are interested in the above position please APPLY HERE. 
If you love people, you&#65533;re looking for part time work that will nicely supplement your existing income and, most of all, are fanatical about Macs, then Macinhome is the place for you!  killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
If you love meeting and speaking with new people everyday, give us a call! 
If you have your Masters, then we want to hear from you. 
If you have your Degree, then we want to hear from you. 
If you have your Building Service Worker designation, then we want to hear from you.   gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
If you have what it takes to be successful in this role, please visit us at www.terasengas.com/careers   resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
If you have no investment you can invest your time wit a profit share careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
If you have graduated from a recognized quantity cooking program, 2 years&#65533; experience working in a quality cooking environment and possess Food Safe 1 & 2, then we'd like to see you at our hiring hall.  Red Seal designation is preferred.
If you have Food Safe 1, have graduated from a cooking program, are working towards it or have equivalent experience, then we want to see you.
If you have Diploma or Degree, then we want to hear from you. 
If you have been recently interviewed by a Miles consultant, please send an email to info@miles.ca with the job number in the subject line. 
If you have basic office skills, then we want to hear from you.  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
If you have answered YES! to the above questions &#65533; we want to hear from you! job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
If you have answered YES then read on! 
If you have answered YES then apply now to be considered for the following position: 
If you have answered YES then apply now to be considered for the following position: 
If you have an appropriate degree and at least 2 years teaching/tutoring experience please respond to this ad. mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
If you have an appropriate degree and at least 2 years teaching/tutoring experience please respond to this ad.
If you have all these and you are looking for Kitchen with structure professionalism please reply your resume with cover letter:  Fax at 604-534-4634 or email
If you have a passion for teaching and love helping young students, please send cover letter and resume by email. 
If you feel you meet this description please apply below. 
if you feel you can fill this position please forward your email with 
If you feel you are qualified can provide and your performance is oriented with strong business development skills, Pleas send your resume with cover letter to:
If you feel that you meet the above mentioned requirements please apply with your resume and cover letter stating your salary expectations.  
If you do qualify and are interested, please contact me at 604-825-3975 for more information.
If you care about people and have a desire to be part of a team who cares deeply about making customers&#65533; vacation dreams come true, then we want to talk to you.  We offer a competitive compensation package for the right candidate.  
If you believe you have the unique skill set for this role, please visit our website at www.wpcg.ca 
If you believe you have the unique skill set for this role, please visit our website at www.wpcg.ca 
If you believe you have the unique skill set for this role, please visit our website at www.wpcg.ca 
If you are versatile, highly motivated and have exceptional customer service skills with a strong desire to succeed, then we want to hear from you. 
If you are serious about this job please forward your resume to the above Craig list link. 
If you are seeking a challenging and rewarding career, we have a world of professional opportunities for you to explore. We offer a competitive compensation package, a fun and exciting environment. We reward performance, whilst supporting professional development and providing reasonable Work Life solutions.
If You Are Looking For A Winning Team.......... 
If you are looking for a challenge and think you have what it takes - we want to hear from you.  Visit our website at: www.nsb.com to learn more about our industry and us.   
If you are interested, please visit our hair salon in person with a resume. 
If you are interested, please sent your Resume at: 
If you are interested, please forward your resume to the above email address and type ""Refrigeration Engineer"" in the subject line. 
-if you are interested, please forward a resume and/or call 778-838-2628
If you are interested, please apply with your resume attached to the email address provided. 
-if you are interested, forward a resume and/or call 778-838-2628 
If you are interested please send your resume and cover letter by email to apply@u-man.ca. 
If you are interested in, or have obtained, a Mortgage Broker's License, info@wespacelectric.com
If you are interested in this position, we encourage you to send a copy of you CV along with a cover letter explaining why you are a good fit for BroadbandTV as well as your salary expectations to          ""jobs-at-broadbandtvcorp-dot-com"" . bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
If you are interested in this position please apply online and quote the job #10677 
If you are interested in this opportunity, please submit your resume to resumes@fraserway.com referencing job code 02SE09  
If you are interested in this exciting role please forward your resume and cover letter by e-mail to careers@goldenboyfoods.com or by fax to 604-421-4502 
If you are interested in seeing this job and giving us an estimation please leave me your name and telephone number.  Must be licensed and good to work with, customer has a budget so cost will also be a big part to this contract. <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
If you are interested in joining us please send your cover letter and resume via email to us quoting ""Security - CL10"" in the subject line. 
If you are interested in having a great job, please stop by in person with your resume on Sat November 13th at 10AM. Bonus if you are from the neighbourhood!  chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
If you are interested in exploring this opportunity further, please reply with your cover letter and resume to careers@securiguard.com. We thank all those who apply, but only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
If you are in the Kitsilano area, we welcome you to drop in and take a tour of our spa in person at 2525 Arbutus St (corner of West Broadway) in Vancouver. Or, visit our website at www.themoviespa.com to learn more about our spa and our services. 
If you are honest, organized, reliable and available 7 days a week, different hours, please send me your Resume. 
If you are highly motivated, high performing and energetic self-starter looking for an entrepreneurial law firm, we aim to provide a long-term opportunity and rewarding practice while enjoying a collegial and dynamic work environment with work-life balance. coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
If you are dedicated to personal and corporate success, and would like to work with a team of professionals on interesting and challenging projects, we would like to hear from you. We offer competitive wages based on your experience.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
If you are considering a new path working with a growing company after many years of working in another industry, we may have much to talk about. 
If you are confident working within a strong support structure but are looking for a new & exciting challenge, email our team today. 
If you are a physically fit, highly reliable, mature individual and have excellent verbal and written English communications skills, then we would like to hear from you.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
If you are a goal oriented, dedicated and driven individual we can provide you with a proven, progressive, unlimited growth career. victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
If this sounds like YOU, then reply with your name, phone number , e-mail 
If this sounds like you, please apply now at www.visioncritical.com/careers or send your CV to careers@visioncritical.com
If this sounds like the next step in your career, please apply directly online through our Careers section at: http://talenttech.com/careers/open_positions.htm
If this sounds like the kind of team you would like to join, please forward a cover letter and resume for consideration.
If this sounds like a job you would be interested in, please email your resume Att: Harj to enquiries@aquaesulis-spa.com
If this role is of interest please e-mail your resume.
If this position sounds interesting, please, send your Resume to: sf2605@gmail.com 
If this opportunity interests you, please forward a HAND PRINTED cover letter, and a resume. 
If this interests you, please submit your resume and we would love to meet you!
If so, this creative opportunity might be for you. &#65533;BeautyCouncil&#65533; (formerly Cosmetology Industry Association of BC) is seeking an experienced marketing & events professional to help build our new brand. Key requirements for this role are a relevant degree/diploma/certification, minimum 5 years related experience, technical proficiency (CMS/CRM/social media/desktop publishing knowledgeable) and excellent organization skills (emphasis on excellent). Salary range disclosed to successful interview candidates, and does include a benefits package.
If interested, please send your resume to the email address above.
If interested, please send your resume (PLEASE DO NOT ATTACH A FILE) with hourly expectation.
If interested, please respond via this assigned mailbox. 
If interested, please apply directly to: http://www.sisystems.com/index.cfm?mg'=cpo.details&uv'=%25%26%20%2FV2%2CP%20%0A
If Interested contact Joseph @ 604-338-4817
Identify any gaps together with proposals for their resolution (e.g. workarounds or changes in processes) and ensure any solutions proposed are realistic and within the agreed scope of the project. 
Ideally, you are a highly organized experienced Realtor who wants to step up your game. We have the clients. Do you have the sales experience to service and negotiate deals? If you can maintain the highest closing ratio for the leads in your area, expect to close 4-6 deals per month. We offer commission based on performance with no monthly office fees, deal fees or signage costs.
Ideally you will possess a Bachelors degree from a four-year college or university, a minimum of three years related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  
Ideally you will have:
Ideal software knowledge is Cinema 4D, Photoshop and After Effects.
Ideal software knowledge is Cinema 4D, Photoshop and After Effects.
Ideal candidate is a commerce graduate degree in marketing , managment related field with the willingness and determination to earn excess or $100k.
Ideal candidate has a truck, all the basic tools including mitre saw. <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
I&#65533;ll do the marketing, you teach the boot camp.
I understand that starting up a business is expensive and that costs have to be well managed and reviewed but 13/hr?  That's general labour without any qualifications.....
I think we should all ban these ads.
I take pride in the work i do my goal is to meet or exceed my customers expectations. I need someone 
i provide all safety equipment, power tools and a above average entry level wage. 
I offer a casual atmosphere, without compromising the clients services, your quality of work is important.
I look forward to interviewing candidates starting ASAP.
I have stopped applying to F AGENCIES. they are a bunch of scums. As someone made a very good point they constantly advertise so that they can get leads from resumes and calling people in for an interview. I am always asked about how I got all my jobs listed on the resume. I never tell them it's through an agency even if it was.  Yeah that's how they get their leads and you never get called back. I have been an EA for the last 5 years and still I have agencies telling me things like you don't have enough experience. Oh the position has been on hold. Oh we are looking for the right fit....yeah my a the right fit. They are looking for LEADS period nothing else.
I have an opening for two (2) data entry clerks for a very short-term project - essentially helping us research our target market through the web (eg: Google our customer's name)  and recording in our database (the data entry part). There are approximately 5,000 records we need entered, 2,500 for each candidate. It's not difficult work, but can be tedious and we require accuracy. 
I have a position available for an experienced baker. Your previous responsiblities should have included; product research and design, creating and costing new recipes, quality control, scheduling, interviewing, managing a team of bakers and baker helpers during a variety of shifts inclucing early morning, day and over night. This is a great opportunity for a junior baker from an established bakery to come on board with a one year old, rapidly expanding bakery and make your mark.
I have a boot camp already running in Vancouver with a built in clientele.
I had people sending me their resumes and cover letters....that shows how many people are
I do web development, but I'm having trouble with this task.
I do everything from Decks, Flooring,Kitchen, Bathroom, - -- FULL HOME RENOS- Painting, Carpentry, YOU NAME IT I CAN DO IT
I can understand why they don't want to put down the company name but surely they can put down the industry and a location. If I could take back every penny I have spend in babysitting, transit and time consuming sending out applications I would have enough for a couple months of rents.
I can supply the food with a list given to me by the chef. It would be best to have
I can give you 2 of your shots edited and printed. 
I am willing discuss a pay for the right script.
I am seeking either a chair rental stylist or commission employee, who is well established, with your own clients.
I am based on Vancouver. 
Hunter, a cold calling closer!
Human Resources Manager 
Human Resources Department 
Human Resources
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v'=6hyb5RE1rgY
http://www.macinhome.com/careers.html
http://www.hireme.ca
http://careersca-sage.icims.com/jobs/4304/job?&sn'=craigslist alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
http://ca.linkedin.com/pub/mark-budworth/1/5a0/958 
http://ca.linkedin.com/pub/mark-budworth/1/5a0/958  <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
http://AdvantageEducationServices.com
http://AdvantageEducationServices.com
HS Diploma required. Computer experience necessary. Benefits include paid vacation, and holidays.
How to Apply: Please apply by email to Duane Bell or via fax 250-725-2901.
How to apply:  
How to apply:
How to Apply:
How to Apply:
How to Apply: chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
HOW TO APPLY: lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
How to Apply: <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
How To Apply 
How to Apply
How do I apply: 
Housekeepers:
Housekeepers: <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Hours: 8 hrs/day., 5days/week,  victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
Hours: 8 hrs/day, 5days/wk, 
Hours: 40/week M-F
Hours: 
Hours will be Monday to Friday 8:00am to 5:00pm with weekends off.
HOURS OF WORK: 20 hours per week. You must be able to work a variety of shifts to coincide with train service times &#65533; early mornings and evenings.  <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Hours of work:  Monday to Thursday 10:00 AM &#65533; 5:00 PM
Hours of work:
HOURS OF WORK Days (32 hours/week)  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Hours are Monday to Friday from approximately 8:30am to 4:30pm (On-Call schedule starts after 3 month probation). 
HOURS AND DAYS OF WORK:   Will work rotating shifts between midnight, days and afternoons.  Position shall work Saturday through Wednesday.  Days of rest shall be consecutive.  Start times may vary between 06:00 hrs to noon, 14:00 to 17:00 or 20:00 to 01:00 hrs to ensure overlap of shift coverage where needed.  Shifts are 7.25 hours in length.  Full-time work a 36.25 hr week.  Schedule may change with two weeks notice.
HOURS AND DAYS OF WORK:   The purpose of this Float position is to increase staffing stability and reduce overtime.  The Float SRW position works Tuesday to Saturday inclusive and will work at any shelter site requiring coverage. Should a full complement of shelter staff be on duty, the float will work at the Yukon Shelter.  Shifts will be evenings, but will be flexible to rotate to days or midnights depending on need.  Days of rest shall be consecutive. Start times may vary between14:00 to 17:00 or 20:00 to 01:00 hrs to ensure overlap of shift coverage where needed.  Shifts are 7.25 hours in length and the position works 36.25 hrs per week.  Schedule may change with two week&#65533;s notice.
HOURLY WAGE: $18.00 an hour 
Hostess 
Hospitals/Medical Facilities 
Hospitals/Medical Facilities 
Hospitality or sales experience a plus
Hospitality management training is an asset
Holiday/PT hires may also lead to further growth and alternative employment in the future with the company.  
Holiday/PT hires may also lead to further growth and alternative employment in the future with the company.
Hirelounge connects people looking to earn money part-time and full-time. Hirelounge.com is the leading site for Sales, 
High school education and computer and register skills; ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast paced 
Here&#65533;s an opportunity to learn from a Red Seal Chef and gain experience working in a dynamic kitchen.  The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring a Part Time Kitchen Helper.
Help us supply articles for our customers by becoming a writer at The Content Authority. You will need a good grasp of the English language and use proper grammar and spelling. Earn extra income and get paid on a weekly basis! In order to apply, click on the following link...."" Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
Help ensure stores are well merchandised, clean and tidy 
Help ensure stores are well merchandised, clean and tidy 
Hello, we are looking for a Monday-Friday female live in nanny to take care of several University home stay students and a senior citizen. We would prefer a Pilipino speaking nanny with good cooking skills and a positive attitude.  jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Hello,
Hello! bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
Health benefits  chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
Having your own gear is a bonus or if need be, we can rent for you.
Having worked in a multi company setting would be considered an asset. 
Have you ever worked with INDUSTRIAL SIZED COPIERS and SCANNERS? We of course are willing to train but you must have the basic knowledge on these large machines. 
Have some basic knowledge of flowers  chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
Have some basic knowledge of flowers
have knowledge of local gravel pits amd dump sites. The truck is parked in Richmond. Must have at least 1 year experience
Have full access to a vehicle
Have full access to a vehicle
Have a valid SIR 
Have a ""GO GETTER ATTITUDE""  merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
Has to be motivated and able to work unsupervised.
Happy Autumn! <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Guarantied minimum 6 hours 5 days per week.
Green Earth Home Services ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
Great work ethics is
Great work environment
Great service and retail commission pay, salon supplies all products just bring your own tools and clients. 
Great sales skills
Great sales skills childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
Great location. High foot traffic
Great communication skills
Great Communication Skills
Great communication skills
GRADUATES WELCOME. 
Got what it takes? 
Good physical strength
Good opportunity to learn.
good luck out there
Good knowledge of property accounting processes  <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Good communication and teamwork skills and a social personality are essential to succeed in this role.
Gold's Gym is the #1 Brand in fitness (world largest 3 million members) and we are looking for same quality in our new General Sales & Marketing Manager to join our ranks.
Go 2 Productions Inc. requires a 3D Artist with excellent VRAY knowledge to help build and customize custom rooms, such as living rooms, dining rooms and bedroom designs. 
Go 2 Productions Inc. requires a 3D Artist with excellent VRAY knowledge to help build and customize custom rooms, such as living rooms, dining rooms and bedroom designs. 
Genuine Relationships. Outstanding Results.
Generous hourly wage + comm, bonus + benefits!
Generous compensation packages including benefits are available for the right individual.
General Administration
Game Master 
Furthermore, salary will be based on the individual&#65533;s qualifications and experience.
Funny with interesting characters.
Functional French language skills an asset  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
FULL-TIME POSITION AVAILABLE 
Full, ongoing product training and support is provided by our fun and professional team. O.T.E $500 - $800 p.w 
Full Understanding Of Microsoft Office
-Full time with 4.5 days( Alt.Monday, Tue,Wed,Fri & Sat)
Full time job and is to start immediately
Full time and part time.
Full paid training, Must have some experience in customer service
-----Full or Part time!  steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
Full hands-on training is provided. You will be learning from sales professionals and be side by side with positive mentors daily.
Full / Open availability a MUST (weekends included) 
Full & Part Time security/concierge required for strata condominium complex
Full - time contract position. Available to start December 2010.
Frontier PC www.frontierpc.com 
From Barcelona to Buenos Aires, BC&#65533;s Okanagan and the great tanks that ferment what we drink to celebrate, sulk, love and loathe &#65533; tell the story of the wine, tell the story of their grape.
Friendly, reliable, flexible, and self-motivated 
Friendly, reliable, flexible, and self-motivated 
Fraserway RV is Canada's first national dealer of RV sales, rentals, service, parts, and accessories with 9 coast-to-coast locations. For over 40 years, we have brought satisfaction to our customers by helping them realize their vacation dreams through the RV lifestyle. As a family owned business we're committed to being a company that our customers love working with and employees love working for!
Four years related work experience after compleiton of the trade qualifications is desired. mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
Forward covering letter and resume.
for sous 20-21
For reference they are DC260, 4110 and a KIP scanner. 
For other inquiries, please call: 604-720-9144.
For more information, please visit www.gvcss.bc.ca careers@contacservices.com
For more information, please visit us at www.aldeasa.ca  Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
For more information, please visit our website: www.concordsecurity.com
For more information, please visit our website at www.fraserway.com
For more information, please contact SIGnature Recruiting at 604-569-1163
For more information, contact SIGnature Recruiting at 604 569 1163
For more information or to sign-up as a volunteer, please email the above email address and *include your availability* 
For more information about Vantage Resourcing please visit us online at www.vantageresourcing.com.  job@j76cw.com
For more information & to set up a preliminary interview please call:
For more info about me and my music please visit: www.myspace.com/michaelthemetaphor
for hardly any work. 
For further information or to apply, email your 
For further information on who we are and what we do, please visit us online at www.ciabc.net <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
For full job desciption, please go to www.wholefoods.com, under the ""careers"" section.  wb45@wokbox.ca
For consideration for this position, please respond with your resume
For consideration for this position, please forward your resume and a brief cover letter. industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
For confidential reasons, commission structure will only be shared at the interview.
-for about 3-5 hours a week
FoodSafe <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
Following are the basic skill-set we're looking for; 
Follow TRS on Twitter @TRSContract and become a fan on Facebook for up-to-date information about our company including job postings!
Follow TRS on Twitter @TRSContract and become a fan on Facebook for up-to-date information about our company including job postings! hr_marqui@gmail.com
Follow TRS on Twitter @TRSContract and become a fan on Facebook for up-to-date information about our company including job postings!
Fluent in English (Reading, writing and speaking) 
Fluent in English (Reading, writing and speaking)
Fluent English language skills 
Flexible schedule including some evenings and weekends
-Flexibility; you design your own schedule 
Flat rate or straight time
firstaveliquor@shaw.ca dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
File, fax, copy and other administrative tasks
File management: Establishes and maintains an efficient and user-friendly filing system for the business.
Female : thin and tall 
Fax: 604-946-4671 ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
Fax: 604-941-4634
Fax: 604-589-1077 
Fax: 604-327-4477
fax: 604.294.9414
Fax: 604 273 1793 
Fax: 519-624-5217
Fax your resume to:
Fax your resume to:
Fax your resume to: resumes@fraserway.com
fax to 604 327 4477, 
Fax or e-mail your resume to 
Fastenal is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Fastenal Company is a leading industrial and construction distributor with over 2,400 locations in the United States, Canada, Mexico and other countries internationally. Since 1967 Fastenal has been a fast-growing company with excellent employment opportunities for career advancement. We strive to help employees reach their full potential in pursuit of our ""Growth through Customer Service"" mission.  mgurumet at futureshop dot com
FAST PACED ENVIRONMENT  sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
Familiarity with laminator
Familiarity with Java or C++ programming
Familiarity of modern social media
Extensive training  job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
Extensive knowledge of VB6
Extensive computer and internet knowledge
Expert experience in one of the following: Adobe illustrator, Flexi, Indesign, photoshop or similar software 
Experience: none necessary, we provide training but it'd be great if you have some customer service experience. 
Experience: completed at least 2 years full-time paid employment with children care giving experienced , (Care giving in an institutional setting (day care, elementary school) is an asset) 
Experience: 3 years to less than 5 years
Experience: 
Experience:  maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
Experience: 
Experience/Skills/Education: 
Experience, Knowledge, Skills Required:
Experience working with various property managers to process all accounting records for the properties. 
Experience working with one or more of the following would be a benefit:
Experience working in a team environment
Experience working in a commission sales environment is an asset.  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Experience working as a business analyst in a bank or credit union is absolutely vital to this role. 
Experience with writing SQL queries and with databases in general
Experience with VAR (value add reseller) a plus.
Experience with Union is an asset  victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
Experience with test automation and web automation tools such as Selenium hr_marqui@gmail.com
Experience with Strata Fees, Minutes, Invoicing. 
Experience with HOG  <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Experience with general office administration duties.  industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
Experience with Full Cycle Analysis up to month end. (Accountant ready) 
Experience with Cyrious is a plus 
Experience with Ceredian Payroll System is a must - NO EXCEPTIONS 
Experience preparing preliminary estimates and budgets at various pre-construction stages would be definite asset. 
Experience is not necessary. 
Experience is not necessary
Experience is an asset but you don't have to be a registered massage therapist.  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Experience is an asset but we are willing to train the right person with the right attitude towards dentistry and optimal patient care.
Experience in testing commercial software and quality assurance
Experience in Residential, Commercial, Institutional projects would be considered an asset.
Experience in ordering 
Experience for all of the above must be current within one year. 
Experience developing high traffic web sites is highly desirable.  
Experience and knowledge of SQL
Experience And / Or Skills Required:
Experience an assest and will increase your income. 
experience
existing customers
Executive support: Assisting with calendar/meeting scheduling, and expense reports.
Exclusive new range of products offered for a lucrative sales territory.  Full or part time.
Exciting opportunity exists for the right individual to join a progressive non-profit organization as a Support Worker. The position entails working in a residential setting with youth and children with developmental disabilities and challenging behaviours in Vancouver and surrounding areas. 
Exciting opportunity exists for the right individual to join a progressive non-profit organization as a Support Worker. The position entails working in a residential setting with adults with developmental disabilities and that can have challenging behaviours in North Vancouver. 
Exciting opportunity exists for the right individual to join a progressive non-profit organization as a Support Worker, Live-In. The position entails working in a residential setting with a two young adults with autism and challenging behaviours in North Vancouver. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with a passion for sharing new ideas in a dynamic environment
Excellent verbal communication skills 
Excellent verbal communication skills 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Excellent training is provided, so perquisites are not needed, in order to apply.  Qualified candidates, please apply with your resume.
Excellent Korean language to communicate with Korean suppliers 
Excellent knowledge of lighting, texturing and rendering using VRAY is most important. 
Excellent knowledge of lighting, texturing and rendering using VRAY is most important. 
Excellent English communication skills, experience/exposure in a mid to large sized law firm are required.  Excellent team members within a professional work environment.  Salary open, depending on experience.  Please send your resume ASAP for immediate interview
Excellent english both spoken and written is a must, female is preferred and a  <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Excellent customer service skills 
Excellent customer service skills 
Excellent communication skills. 
Excellent communication and teamwork skills are essential to succeed in this role.
Excellent career opportunity in BC&#65533;s Aerospace Industry &#65533; Asco Aerospace Canada, a rapidly growing provider of precision machined aerospace parts, currently offers the following employment opportunity:
Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills resumes@fraserway.com
events a month, be 19+ years old, and social. 
Event to take place 20 Nov 2010 at 7:00 pm in New Westminster.
Established in 2004, our goal is to bring some of the most unique, exciting, internationally acclaimed game titles from Asia to North American and European audiences. 
Established Customer Base
Established Company provides highly specialized 24-hour technical support services for all brands of adjustable speed drives, motor starters, UPS and control systems. Customers include aggregates, commercial buildings, farming, fisheries, government (municipal, provincial, federal), hospitals, institutional, manufacturing, mines, oil & gas, pulp & paper, and sawmills. Established Company has been experiencing growth in business and is seeking to add a Power Technologist / Technician to its team. 
Established company in Richmond BC for 18 years.
Establish work schedule,
Essential Skills: Reading text, Document use, Numeracy, Writing, Oral communication, Working with others, Problem solving, Decision making, Critical thinking, Job task planning and organizing, Significant use of memory, Finding information, Computer use, Continuous learning
Essential Skills: Reading text, Document use, Numeracy, Writing, Oral communication, Working with others, Problem solving, Decision making, Critical thinking, Job task planning and organizing, Finding information. 
Essential Skills: Oral communication. Working  well with others. Problem solving and decision making. Critical thinking. Job task planning and organizing. Finding information and continuous learning.
Essential Requirements and Skills: 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Essential attributes: 
Essential attributes: 
ESL teaching experience contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
environment.
Ensure inventory accuracy through established cycle count programs. 
Ensure food service and quality control
Ensure all labels comply with labeling requirements; ensure all containers are in compliance with legislation with respect to tamperproof seals for exempted products. 
Enjoy your day?  We did!  Mosaic Sales Solutions Canada is a sales and field marketing solutions agency that utilizes our considerable expertise, proven best practices and leading-edge technology to execute brand relevant selling, merchandising and event marketing programs across all retail channels and business-to-business.
Enjoy your day?  We did!  Mosaic Sales Solutions Canada is a sales and field marketing solutions agency that utilizes our considerable expertise, proven best practices and leading-edge technology to execute brand relevant selling, merchandising and event marketing programs across all retail channels and business-to-business.
Enjoy working with a team 
Enjoy working with a team 
Enhanced commission rate 
-Enhance the Customer's shopping experience by providing a welcoming environment. <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
English must be your first language.
Energetic and enthusiastic 
Energetic and enthusiastic 
Endless possibilities victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
End of story. winnie-li24@hotmail.com
Employment experience as a Security Guard required  <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Employer:
Empezando inmediatamente  enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
E-Mail: trishb@rogers.blackberry.net
Email: hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca 
e-mail: childcarejobs@vanymca.org (preferred)
E-mail your resume and professional cover letter ONLY if you have 2-3 years of office experiance.  childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
e-mail resume: kjh0127@hotmail.com /
Email resume and expected hourly rate
Email resume and expected hourly rate
EMAIL RESUME ....servicesresearch@yahoo.ca
Email marketing, RSS Feeds, and other internet marketing tools
Email applications only. We thank all applicants, but advise that only those considered for an interview will be contacted.
Electronics, technology or office equipment experience  jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
Education: High school grad or college/university/undergrad 
Education: Completion of university and a Master Degree in Industrial Relations
Education: Completion of high school 
Education: 
Education: 
Education: 
Education, skills and experience required: 
Education or experience in the alternative health and wellness sector preferred 
Education or experience in the alternative health and wellness sector preferred  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Education & Experience:
eCo Realty Inc. has immediate openings for Realtors to join our team. We provide a steady supply of high quality client referrals in Greater Vancouver and Fraser Valley to our Realtors&#65533; who are designated as local area specialists.
Earthsave Canada is seeking a part-time (4 days a week) Office & Membership Administrator for our office in Vancouver. Earthsave Canada is a registered charity that encourages the transition to a plant-based diet for health, environmental, and animal welfare concerns. For more information, visit: http://www.earthsave.ca. 
Each participant will take part in one 1-hour discussion session.
Each customer must receive outstanding customer service 
Duties: take customers orders; serve customers at counter or buffet; clean, prepare food such as sandwiches, burgers, salads,  portion and wrap food or place it directly on plates for service to patrons.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Duties:  victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
Duties: 
Duties:
Duties:
Duties:
Duties will include shipping/receiving (including walking deliveries within a 4 block radius) and a variety of other duties which require an ability to do repetitive 
Duties will encompass:
Duties include;
Duties include: 
Duties include:
Duties Include: <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Duties include supporting sales staff in generating, managing, and qualifying leads.    
Duties include supervising junior estimators, preparing estimates for take-off to final pricing, 
Duties Include But Are Not Limited To: hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
Duties are residential and commercial renovation from start to finish, Please reply with resume.
Duties and Responsibilities: 
Duties and Responsibilities: hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
Duties and Responsibilities 
Duties and responsibilities
Duties & Responsibilities:
Duties & Responsibilities 
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES  CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
Duties & Responsibilities hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
Due to the volume of applicants, only those qualified will be contacted. 
Due to the large volume of resumes we receive at the AMS we are only able to contact those we are interested in interviewing and cannot except phone calls.  
Due to the high volume of candidate applications, only those shortlisted will be contacted.  cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
Due to overwhelming response, only short listed candidates will be contacted.
Due to my need for communication assistance a strong command of the english language is essential.  
Driving, car washing and polishing that's all.
driving with a pony and you have to provide references. The wage/salary will be negotiated if you qualify and
Drivers License
Driver MUST have knowledge of the lower mainland and speak and write English fluently. mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Down Store/Down Market Solutions <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Done Foundations, Built homes from the Ground up - and everything in between.
Don&#65533;t miss this opportunity! We are looking for a Customer Service Station Attendant to be located at the Mission West Coast Express station. 
-Doctor&#65533;s note 
-Doctor&#65533;s note 
-Doctor&#65533;s note  Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
Do you want to help people improve their lives through better health and nutrition? 
Do you want to help people improve their lives through better health and nutrition? 
Do you love interacting with consumers? Do you love preparing for the Holiday's? Are you always buying new and exciting household products? Do you love a fun and challenging sales environment?
Do you love interacting with consumers? Do you love preparing for the Holiday's? Are you always buying new and exciting household products? Do you love a fun and challenging sales environment?
Do you like toys, travel and design?  If so, we have the job for you!  We are a Shanghai based, international toy manufacturer &#65533; if it&#65533;s fun and inflatable we make it.  Designing and marketing products around the world, for some of the world&#65533;s most recognizable brands, such as Disney and Warner Bros., you will be responsible for developing innovative and market leading cartoon characters, graphics, and illustrations for both thematic children&#65533;s products and adult inflatables. NOTE: WRITTEN AND SPOKEN MANDARIN IS MANDATORY
Do you have an amazing group of friends that you hang out with, talk about your day or vacations coming up?  Are you are the person calling friends for a cup of coffee, a round of golf or a day at the beach?  A friend is having a birthday; are you arranging for everyone to meet at a restaurant or pub?  If you are doing these things you have many of the skills needed to be a Community Connector. 
Do you have an amazing group of friends that you hang out with, talk about your day or vacations coming up?  Are you are the person calling friends for a cup of coffee, a round of golf or a day at the beach?  A friend is having a birthday; are you arranging for everyone to meet at a restaurant or pub?  If you are doing these things you have many of the skills needed to be a community connector.  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Do you have a friendly personality and enjoy working with customers? 
Do you have a friendly personality and enjoy working with customers? 
Do you have a friendly personality and enjoy working with customers? 
Do you enjoy staying up to date with the latest in hi-tech gadgetry?  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Do you enjoy staying up to date with the latest in hi-tech gadgetry? 
Do you enjoy staying up to date with the latest in hi-tech gadgetry? 
Do you enjoy meeting new people and have an interest in sales?
Do These Qualities Describe You?
Distribute disability pkgs, 
Discounts on the coolest and newest wireless technology  resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
Development  
Determine what the customer needs and provide them with a solution  contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
Detail-orientation and multi-tasking are critical  service@derosaauto.ca
Desired Skills: coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
DESIRED SKILLS:
Desired skills
Desired Qualifications
Design, maintain, and execute automated test scripts merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
Description:
Description:
Description:
Description:
Dentists  bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
Dentists 
Delta, BC 
delivering quality service with a smile, in a safe and sustainable way.
DELIVERABLES:
Define customization needs for products as per agreed business definitions. 
Deep&#65533;s Sunshine Cleaning is looking for staff who: 
Deep&#65533;s Sunshine Cleaning is a young, family owned cleaning company. We have years of experience in residential cleaning and are in the midst of expanding our operations within the Vancouver and surrounding area. Our services are catered to clients that are well established residents. We recognize hard workers and compensate them accordingly. 
Dedicated delivery to automotive dealerships.. 
Deadline for Application: November 22, 2010 <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Day-to-day tasks include researching topics, interviewing subject matter experts, writing new content, updating and editing existing content, creating PDFs and online help, and improving processes. This position also provides opportunities to drive projects and to interact with all levels of the company, including Software developers, QA developers, and Program and Product Managers.
Days needed are Wed/Thurs/Friday. Wednesday and Thursday are 8-5 or 5:30 and Friday is 8-1. Approximately 20-22 hours a week.
Day and evening shifts are available 
Date: 2010-11-09, 7:59PM PST
Date: 2010-11-07, 9:16AM PST
Date:
Date:
Data Base Management anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
d) I also notice that people put down their education on these apps which is no good because then people can tell your approx age <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Customer service oriented 
Customer service experience and good computer skills 
Currently, the shifts are 32 hours a week on Saturdays/ Mondays and Tuesdays. We offer an increase in wages and full medical/dental benefits after 3 months. 
Currently, I am OVERWEIGHT due to a LACK OF EXERCISE and consumption of a POOR DIET.  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Currently we are taking resumes for the positions of interior detailer/Car washer.
Currently needed as a sub only right now which will turn into taking over all the classes every week. wb45@wokbox.ca
Currently need someone as a live-in position at his home on beautiful Salt Spring Island for a week on - week off rotation. Private guest suite is provided. hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
Current experience with an ERP system preferred. 
Creativity and Innovation:  Develops new ways or adapts existing ideas to improve programs and service.
Creative Custom Metal Fabricator
Create, configure and enhance test environment including lab setup and testing tools 
Counselors:
Counselors:
Could lead in to full time.
Coordinating with  team Supervisors to complete visits for clients and workers out in the field, time is largely self-managed and flexibility is required.  Applicants should be able to work independently and also promote a strong team approach.  Ability to teach and delegate tasks is also required. Home Support experience is an asset. On the job training and orientation will be provided.
Cooks:
Cooks:
Cooking and housekeeping skills&#8232;
Converse with Benefit & Insurance carriers etc. 
Contract: 11/29/10-12/31/10 (with possible extension)
contract 2 wks.
Contact. Interested applicants please write a covering email/letter explaining what makes you so gosh darn special, tell us why you&#65533;re the right choice!
Contact with resume- Attention Lorraine: ndshlolibe@yahoo.com
Contact me with COMPANY info! I will not reply unless you have a dececnt company- no fly by nights !! mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Contact Jen for more info.
Contac Services Inc. is Canada&#65533;s largest direct marketing, print and fulfilment company specializing in personalized 1to1 communications that build brand and customer loyalty. Originally founded in 1978 as a third party logistics company for the travel industry, Contac expanded its services to become the only single-source solution in North America to seamlessly create, produce and deliver personalized 1to1 marketing.
Constantly ensuring our guests' needs are being met
Connecting more than 500 leading newspapers and broadcast stations worldwide with over 115,000 advertisers, our auction programs to date have generated $200 million in ad revenue for newspapers and $300 million in advertising for local and national retailers.
Concord Benefits
Computer skills a MUST
Computer skill a must
Computer and Technology Knowledge: 
Completion of high school, Not required  <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Completion of college/CEGEP/vocational or technical training
Complete online reports accurately and on a timely basis 
Competitive pay, plus commission and incentives 
Competition #:
Competencies:
COMPETENCIES FOR SUCCESS 
Compensation: Starting $15/hour
Compensation: 15-20
Compensation: $22.00/hour, 40hrs/week 
Compensation: $185.00 per 24 hour shift
Compensation: $170 to $190 per 24 hour shift 
Compensation: $15 to $18.27 per hour, plus benefits upon meeting eligibility requirements
Compensation: $14.00 per hour to start 
Compensation:  cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
Compensation is $215.00 per day&#8232;* Bonus wage for work related travelling
Compensation
Company Smart Phone and Demo Line 
Company Overview
Communication:  Communicates in a thorough, clear and timely manner. 
Communicate issues by creation of well-written detailed issue reports 
-----Commissions up to $25 per hour 
-Commissions up to $25 per hour 
Commission structure will be discussed at the time of interview and GAS will be paid.
Commission per sale is approx. $1,000
Come meet the managers of Royal LePage Westside, Royal LePage City Centre, Royal LePage Northshore, and Royal LePage Sunshine Coast!
Colleges/Universities 
Colleges/Universities 
Collaborate with team through participation in team scrums or meetings
Cold calling local Vancouver business's and telling them about our services. Setting up appointments with business's to allow our sales people to market our product.  Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
COBS Bread Kerrisdale resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
closing shift ending @ 17: 30 servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
CLOSING DATE;    Applications will be accepted until 17:00 hours,  November 23rd, 2010.  All applications are to include a cover letter with the Job Posting number and resume to be submitted to the Administration office at 429 Alexander St. Vancouver, V6A 1C6. 
CLOSING DATE;    Applications will be accepted from within the bargaining unit until 17:00 hours, 
Closing Date: November 30th, 2010 
Closing Date: November 30th, 2010
Closing date Nov 26th
Client privacy, diligence , honesty, and to be willing to work on own or with another cleaner. We are a detailed and hard working team who take great pride in our work and clients love the work we do. 
Client privacy, diligence , honesty, and to be willing to work on own or with another cleaner. We are a detailed and hard working team who take great pride in our work and clients love the work we do. 
Click on &#65533;Employment&#65533;
Click on &#65533;Employment&#65533;
Click on &#65533;Employment&#65533;
Clear criminal record and able to obtain RCMP Security clearance (min 10 years verifiable history) 
cleaning and maintaining the cafe
Clean appereance/dress code and good attitude required. Must be available in the evenings, weekends and nights on CALL. cell phone a must!
Clean and maintain areas as assigned and as directed. 
Clean and groomed. 
Clean and groomed.
clean abstract / no accidents (three years clean)  merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
Classes are held in our centres as well as throughout the community. Those willing to travel must have access to transportation (mileage compensated in line with prevailing policy). 
Classes are held between 4pm - 7pm Monday through Thursday and Saturday mornings. All teaching is done at the Centre. 
Class 1 or 3 drivers needed for operating dump trucks. 
Class 1 driver &#65533; 2 years experience 
-Class (5) BC drivers license 
-Class (5) BC drivers license 
-Class (4) BC drivers license 
CICAD Technologies is a product based software company that primarily provides solutions for government and public safety agencies. 
Chuck Van Der Lee - chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
Chiropractors 
Chiropractors  careers at securiguard dot com
Child's Age: 1 toddler
Chef to provide a menu options for each part of the meal.
Check us out at www.ignite-beauty.com
Check us out at www.deepssunshinecleaning.com
Check out the job description(s) below: Wind Mobile is one of Canada&#65533;s newest national wireless providers and are hiring people who treat people like people. Are you one of those people? We are currently seeking RETAIL SALES ASSOCIATES to join our VANCOUVER Location (779 Thurlow St.)on a PART-TIME basis, who can do the following for our customers:  applications at plan dot ca
Check out the job description(s) below: Wind Mobile is one of Canada&#65533;s newest national wireless providers and are hiring people who treat people like people. Are you one of those people? We are currently seeking a RETAIL SALES ASSOCIATE to join our VANCOUVER (2238 West 4th St.) Location on a Part Time-Seasonal basis, who can do the following for our customers: 
Check in/Check out using computerized system 
Check eligibility and obtain referrals from Navinet and other sources
chairs for hair designer great price in a very high end salon. 
certificate would be a asset. cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
Ceridian Payroll (MUST HAVE) VIP system &#65533; make changes, remittances, batch reports, distribute pay stubs, manually enter time slips, reconciliations, 
Casual labour for packaging dried food material into small plastic bags.  Required immediately. No experience required but must be clean and possess manual dexterity. Must be fluent in English.  Will pay by the bag so rewarded for efficiency. Short term contract (4 to 6 weeks) but based on results could lead to more work. sf2605 at gmail dot com
Cash handling experience
Carter&#65533;s OshKosh Babies and Kids offers generous bonus&#65533;, individual/team incentives, competitive wages and available benefits package.  resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
Carter&#65533;s OshKosh Babies and Kids is one of the most dynamic and rapidly growing retailers in Canada. For more than a century Carter&#65533;s and OshKosh have committed to offering quality stylish children&#65533;s clothing and accessories. <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Carter&#65533;s OshKosh Babies and Kids
careers@ascoaerospace.ca
CAREER FAIR DETAILS alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
Cannacord called me and want to know what was my salary range. When I told them that surely they would have a range in mind since they are a large corporation and that I was open to what they had to offer....that was it I never heard back from them.  What does that tell you? I guess of all the people who answered $10, $25 or whatever then they probably picked the one with the lowest salary.  Now look they are advertising again.
Candidates should posses :
CANDIDATES MUST SUBMIT A DRIVER&#65533;S ABSTRACT WITH RESUME SUBMISSION 
Candidates must have: 
Candidates must have: 
Candidates must have: 
Candidates MUST have the following:  <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Candidate will be responsible for improving the manipulation and management of objects in 3D preview window.  This is primarily C# code.  Should have experience with C++ in case it comes up or we want to reassign them for a bit.  Some experience with 3D math is good (e.g. rendering or animation), though it doesn&#65533;t need to be extensive.
Candidate will be responsible for improving the manipulation and management of objects in 3D preview window.  This is primarily C# code.  Should have experience with C++ in case it comes up or we want to reassign them for a bit.  Some experience with 3D math is good (e.g. rendering or animation), though it doesn&#65533;t need to be extensive.
Candidate must also be comfortable answering phones when reception coverage is needed. 
Canadian Forces (Regular / Reserve) or RCMP service an asset 
Canaccord Genuity Corporation (&#65533;CGC&#65533;), Canada's leading independent investment firm is looking for an energetic Administrative Assistant to join our Wealth Management team in Vancouver. This position is a full-time contract role for approximately 7 months. The hours will be 6:15 am- 1:15 pm. info@wespacelectric.com
CAN YOU Multi- Task?
Call Mr. Bill Bradley at 604-288-7792 and earn what you're worth! 
call jaspal 604-850-5858 or fax 604-850-7951
Call Brenda to Apply 
Call Brenda  resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
call 7787720601 mike
Call 604-527-1038 to apply.
call 604-329-7201
CALL ....................604-526-1573
Call (604)288-7792  leave a detailed message as call volume is high. job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
C++        2+ years
C++        2+ years
c) desperate move
C#           2+ years
C#           2+ years
By sending a resume to TRS Contract Consulting Group you are not only applying for the above position. You are also being connected with a team of expert recruiters, with extensive local connections. At TRS, we pride ourselves on keeping great people working. Our true difference lies in our relationships with our consultants. Apply today and see the TRS difference for yourself.
By sending a resume to TRS Contract Consulting Group you are not only applying for the above position. You are also being connected with a team of expert recruiters, with extensive local connections. At TRS, we pride ourselves on keeping great people working. Our true difference lies in our relationships with our consultants. Apply today and see the TRS difference for yourself. Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
By sending a resume to TRS Contract Consulting Group you are not only applying for the above position. You are also being connected with a team of expert recruiters, with extensive local connections. At TRS we pride ourselves on keeping great people working. Our true difference lies in our relationships with our consultants. Apply today and see the TRS difference for yourself.
By mail:  13651-72 Avenue surrey, British Columbia V3W 2P2
By far the worst organization of misfits I have ever seen!
By E-mail: jungcon1@hanmail.net
By E-mail: gary@quayproperty.net
buy the food.
But any 3D software package knowledge is ok, as long as you are willing to retrain in Cinema 4D.
But any 3D software package knowledge is ok, as long as you are willing to retrain in Cinema 4D.
Busy Season. 3-4 weeks of work. 
Busy Season. 3-4 weeks of work.
Busy office needs Admin Assistant. 
Busser  <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
BUSINESS TO BUSINESS CALLING ONLY! 
Business Analysts  alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
Burnaby, BC. 
Budgetary Responsibility: 0 - $100,000
browser)
Both p/t & f/t positions are available.
Book-keeping: Some minor book-keeping and coding, and vendor payment management.
Bondable 
Bondable
Bi-lingual Interviewing Positions available
Bilingual English/Korean 
Big Bad Boo Animation Studios is looking for experienced writers to contribute and write for a second season of &#65533;1001 Nights&#65533;, an established 2D animated Children&#65533;s Comedy TV series.   sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
BENEFITS TO YOU:
Benefits for working for Deep&#65533;s Sunshine Cleaning 
Before you drop us a line, please visit STUDYMagazine.com to get a better idea of what we&#65533;re all about.
Beehive Holdings is a newly-formed investment firm that invests in, and helps accelerate the growth of, local early-stage businesses. Beehive&#65533;s portfolio companies are typically women-owned or women-led, and / or market goods and services predominantly to women.
Be up for NEW CHALLENGES 
Be ready for an on the spot interview
Be able to work without supervision and also work as a team resumes@fraserway.com
BC Teaching certification preferred. 
BBTV offers competitive salary as well as a business casual work environment.  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Basic networking skills and understanding of domains, load balancing, IP & Port addressing (Proficient) 
basic hand tools: IE, hammer, imperial tape measure, tri or speed square, tin snips, pliers, nail set, four foot level,
based in 100 mile house BC &#65533; pay will be flat rate per day of $275.00 &#65533; approx 12 hours per day &#65533; 
Base pay  starts at $9.00/Hr with possibility to make more than $20.00/Hr after commissions
Bartenders Must 
Background in vinyl creation & application and large format digital printing 
Background in sign installation and construction 
Background In Financial Services, Or Real Estate
Bachelor&#65533;s Degree in Marketing or related field
-Bachelor&#65533;s Degree servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Babies and Kids
B.Sc. in Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent education maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
b) not too smart for sending in their complete addresses
Auto Services 
Auto Services 
Australia, New Zealand, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, 
Attributes: 
Attributes and Skills: 
Attn: Gen Mgr
Attention:  Patricia  Re:  Morgon Crossing job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
Attach your resume. Thanks! 
Attach a detailed resume outlining your work history and send to Heidi Kivritsky direct at  heidi@managing.ca or fax to 604.931.3378.
At Westward, you will work in a fast growing, progressive and challenging environment with like-minded professionals who are experts in their respective technical field. 
At The Black Bear we provide a fun and challenging work environment with opportunities for professional growth and the prospect for personal develop. 
At STUDYMagazine.com, we&#65533;re the first news source to provide news and commentary, strictly from a student&#65533;s perspective. This might include people fresh from high school, venturing into the next step. But this also includes mature students, who are going back to school to better their lives and career. 
at  604-325-2150 between the hours of 10 am and 4 pm. ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
Astutely intelligent company marketing and importing wine, requires the Marketing professional of the century: a self directing, self sufficient, stilton loving, iPhone owning, cultured professional who lives or dies by their calendar, and dreams of a Shangri-La where u-brews are banned. 
Assisting with various office duties as required.
Assistant Manager will report to the Store Manager and be responsible for selling, retaining and developing a team that is focused on exceeding sales goals. We seek managers who have previous retail management experience and enjoy a variety of rewards. We offer a fast paced work environment, growth opportunities, a considerate shopping discount, and a generous bonus scheme. Must be highly energetic and willing to work various shifts with a passion to succeed.  info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
Assistant Manager will report to the Store Manager and be responsible for selling, retaining and developing a team that is focused on exceeding sales goals. We seek managers who have previous retail management experience and enjoy a variety of rewards. We offer a fast paced work environment, growth opportunities, a considerate shopping discount, and a generous bonus scheme. Must be highly energetic and willing to work various shifts with a passion to succeed. 
Assist with the setting up of a production environment and on the running of the products including database administration. 
Assist with the picking and packing process of pharmaceuticals and ensure all drugs are shipped in compliance with regulations.  dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
Assist with the definition of additional standard enhancements that need to be developed. 
Assets Include:  mhr85@shaaw.ca
Assets Include:
Assets Include:
ASP, HTML, XML, Java, Java Script, CSS, C#, PHP
Asco Aerospace is located in Delta BC.  We offer competitive wages and comprehensive benefits.  Remuneration and benefits plan as per Asco / Ironworker&#65533;s Local 712 Collective agreement.
Asco Aerospace Canada Ltd. <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
As you will be Handling  all daily record keeping A/R and A/P duties and also when needed alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
As well put job title in subject line when emailing. 
As well feel free to check out: www.oliveucatering.com sf2605 at gmail dot com
as we can.
As the Service Manager, you will be responsible for:
As the Service Manager, you have:
As the Senior Project Manager - Financial Systems you will lead the solution selection and high level plan for the Corporate Financial System replacement; from gathering of requirements through to the successful selection of a Corporate Financial System via the RFP process and the planning of the implementation for the new solution. You will successfully coordinate a team to identify and document the business requirements across the organization, coordinate and facilitate of scope of work, as well as create a roadmap for the implementation and rollout plan.  144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
As the Customer Service Station Attendant you will play an integral role in ensuring exceptional service delivery to West Coast Express travellers. You will be responsible for a variety of tasks, which primarily include, providing general travel and facility information to commuters and ensure each station is running efficiently and kept to the maximum cleanliness standards, as set out by West Coast Express. 
As the Business Analyst you will be responsible for eliciting, analyzing, validating and documenting business requirements, as well as analyzing business processes and workflows, supporting the business on critical Financial Applications, and driving Financial System functionality improvement requests.  
As one of the only resto-pubs in the neighbourhood, we strive to create a unique atmosphere for our patrons, focusing on customer service and great food in a pub styled setting. We want you if you are an energitic, personable, hard working, smart, and experienced server. Must be able to handle a fast paced, and busy section. This position also requires some bar knowledge, as there will be shifts were you will be working independently. 
As Canada's #1 electronics retailer with over 140 stores across the country and over 26 years in the business, we've created a fun, high-energy workplace that's right for you.  <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
As Canada&#65533;s largest security organization, Commissionaires provides complete security solutions that integrate highly trained personnel and technology. Our continued growth requires additional expertise to complement our team. 
As a tutor, you will teach the lessons in the student's home and they are all a minimum of 1.5 hours. 
As a successful candidate, you are registered on the BC Care Aide Registry; possess a provincially recognized home support certificate/diploma; experience in Home Support; willing to work weekdays & weekends. Fluency in English and Cantonese or Punjabi is an asset.  josie.bradley@bclupus.org
As a store manager, it's your responsibility to make sure that the store always looks good, supports our brand and meets its goals. You know the action is on the sales floor, where you coach your team members to achieve their goals. You lead by example and always create an environment where team members feel valued, can grow and function well as a team. 
As a SportChek Service Technician, you&#65533;ll have (or will develop) knowledge and expertise in the following areas: 
As a senior software engineer with almost a decade of professional experience I find there to be a chronic shortage of well-paying senior positions in Vancouver. And I don't expect that to improve. Are there other engineers (hardware and software) who have reached the same conclusion and might want to work together to start a consulting/prototyping firm? I have several ideas in the embedded space and would look forward to working with other like-minded professionals. If so, please forward a very brief summary of your qualifications (academic and professional) and areas of interest and expertise. For example, can you spin a PCB or write Linux device drivers?  A formal resume and/or personal information is not necessary (this is NOT an attempt at identity theft). Thank you.
As a part of the kitchen team, you will be assisting with the preparation, delivery, and service of meals; unloading and stocking of supplies, cleaning all aspects of the kitchen and caf&#65533;.
As a one-person office, the co-ordinator will have responsibility for the smooth running of the organization as well as facilitating fundraising, awareness, and educational events.  Strong administrative skills, excellent written and verbal communications and attention to detail are also required for this position.  
As a member of our Tax and Estate Planning Group, you will build sophisticated spreadsheets, analyze financial documents and build presentations for our exclusive clientele. You are a quick learner with an eye for detail and an analytical mind. You are keen to be trained in this high growth field of financial planning. 
As a member of our Custom Technology Solutions team, you will have the opportunity to solve interesting technical challenges in a faced paced, customer centric environment. You will be expected to come up with innovative technology solutions to unique customer business problems.
As a contractor, you will have the option to telecommute or work in the office but are required to live in the lower mainland to be available for training and product development meetings.
As a Client Services Representative, you play a key role as a technical contact for our clients. Your responsibilities include:  careers_at_pcis_dot_com
As a Canadian Cancer Society volunteer, you will help make cancer history! 
As a Business Analyst you will perform some of the responsibilities of the Project Management and assist in the development of a high level project plan for a Data Migration from a legacy ECM system to a new ECM system.  You will assist in identifying content, user impact and activities required to execute the project to achieve an improved and more integrated content management strategy, establish common standard processes to handle different data requirements and standard enterprise content management tools, thereby achieving the benefits arising from having one data source and the reusability of data. mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
Art Therapists:
Art Therapists:
Area of Specialization: Human resource planning, Recruitment, Training and development
Are you tired of renting a chair, ordering products and looking after everything your self?
ARE YOU RELIABLE AND PUNCTUAL?
ARE YOU READY TO TAKE YOUR CAREER TO THE NEXT LEVEL???  careers@contacservices.com
Are you looking for a high energy, fast-paced exciting retail position where you will offer great service to international travelers in the best airport in North America? 
Are you looking for a FUN, Fast Paced job with plenty of opportunities to advance in a SHORT amount of time? Then look no further&#65533; 
Are you highly curious and enjoy solving problems? Do you like to tinker with equipment and machinery just to understand how they work? Are you a great communicator, both in person and in writing? If so, this might be the opportunity for you. 
ARE YOU HARD WORKING AND HAVE A GOOD ATTITUDE?
Are you comfortable talking to anyone and working on commission? Would a second stream of income help you, one that can eventually replace your present job? 
Are you comfortable talking to anyone and working on commission? Would a second stream of income help you, one that can eventually replace your present job? 
are capable of bringing out people and selling  sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
Arc&#65533;teryx is an energetic and exceptionally innovative company, with over 400 employees. Our ongoing success stems from an uncompromising passion to continuously challenge, and radically improve, the status quo. At the foundation of our organization is a dynamic team of exceptionally talented, fun, and active people.  
Apply: http://www.hireme.ca/job/6a4ef4851f30fa33/harding-forklift-services/general-employment-jobs
APPLY TODAY, PCR is a great company. Please email your resume to resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com and put CONTENTS LEAD in the title!!!!
Apply today-------- Train Tomorrow 
Apply today by email with attached resume. 
Apply today at http://www.collega.com/careers/
Apply Only By Calling Mike @ 604-904-2750
Apply online at our website:
Apply online at our website:
Apply online at our website:
Apply by: e-mail : minsuk80@hotmail.com /
Apply by quoting ""Administrative Assistant - Finance"" in your reply
Apply by email mhr85@shaaw.ca or fax to (604) 278-3027 detailing work history, experience, salary expectation together with work references
Applications:
Application Procedure  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
APPLICATION PROCEDURE 
Application Procedure 
Applicants with their Serving it Right and/or Food Safe certification will be considered first. If you are interested in joining our team please apply in person or to: wb45@wokbox.ca 
Applicants with previous telemarketing experience preferred. Applicants must be able to work Monday - Thursday. $12 / hour + commission 
Applicants that think Manolo&#65533;s are Italian doughnuts need not apply. 
Applicants should have a keen eye for detail,be hardworking, meet deadlines and able to work under pressure.
Applicants must have: 
Applicants must have their infant and toddler certification or be in training. job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
applicants must be;
Applicants must be: 
Applicants must be outgoing and energetic as the positions involve intensive interaction with students.  Applicants must also be fully fluent native English speakers, preferably with a strong understanding of technical English. winnie-li24@hotmail.com
Applicants must be avaliable for Saturday and Sunday and at least 2 week night shifts from 5:00pm to 11:00pm. 
Applicants must be 
Applicant should have a degree or diploma in quantity surveying, civil engineering or building technology and hold a CCA Gold Seal in Estimating.  mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
Apparent Networks is the only IT performance management provider that delivers the end-to-end service insight required for today's cloud applications. By experiencing network performance without affecting it, the company's patented path solutions assess network readiness, monitor service levels, and diagnose problems otherwise hidden from sight. Leading companies rely on Apparent Networks to assure application delivery and expand their service portfolios with confidence. For more information, visit www.apparentnetworks.com.
Anticipated Start Date: As soon as possible 
Anticipated Start Date: As soon as possible
Anticipated Start Date: 2011/03/01 
Answer questions regarding products and services 
Answer phones
Annual Planning Process sf2605 at gmail dot com
Anderson YMCA Child Care Program:  Richmond, BC
And, I am also offering the dvd of the images that you can use in your portfolio or wherever you can imagine. 
And we strive to keep all of our customers & clients happy.
and the answers to the questions in this video here (copy and paste URL into
And hey when your done work you can shop in our massively overpriced but only source of crap foods
and for chef de cuisine and or exectuive head chef **What you where looking for** is about 20-25/hr minimum....
And because choosing to become a financial planner isn&#65533;t a decision that is made overnight, we strive everyday to make your choice that much easier by providing you with: 
and after one year record breaking sales will participate on the bottom line profits of the gym. jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Analyze client business/functional requirements and relate them to products capability. 
An opportunity to earn good income 
An industrial supply wholesaler in Langley is looking for an outside sales person who has experience in the electrical supply field. The position requires someone with a strong background in sales. If you are prepared to work in a highly competitive field and have had  success winning bids and growing a business this job may be for you. There is good potential for advancement.
An in-depth knowledge of construction materials and techniques and an excellent understanding of RFQ General Condition's terms and conditions is preferable; 
An environment with the latest products 
An alternative schedule of only working Saturday and Sunday, each week for the month, would be considered  also @$100.00 per 24 hour period.  
Ample opportunity to learn and grow  careers at securiguard dot com
Amix&#65533;s main yard is centrally located on the Fraser River in Surrey. This 16 acre facility allows us to ship and receive product by truck, rail and water. Nearby amenities include Scott Road skytrain, Central City Mall and a variety of restaurants and services. Many of our employees live in the Surrey area and enjoy an easy commute.
Amix&#65533;s main yard is centrally located on the Fraser River in Surrey. This 16 acre facility allows us to ship and receive product by truck, rail and water. Nearby amenities include Scott Road skytrain, Central City Mall and a variety of restaurants and services. Many of our employees live in the Surrey area and enjoy an easy commute.
Amix&#65533;s Chilliwack division is located off Highway #1 on the Fraser River. This 15 acre property contains our maintenance shop and storage for our fleet of highway vehicles. In addition, we have an office and sales facility. The nearby community of Chilliwack offers quick access to both rural and urban settings and amenities. Many of our employees live in Chilliwack and enjoy an easy commute. mgurumet at futureshop dot com
Amix welcomes all applications for this position however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. For additional information about Amix and to view other job opportunities, please visit us on the web at www.amix.ca
American Income is looking for qualified leaders to open new offices as we transition from a metropolitan-based company to a community-based company in response to market demands. Our competitive advantage is a result of our commitment to growth and to our leaders. We provide a turn-key operation and qualified leads in a niche market. <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
American Income is currently expanding and has open positions for recent graduates with fresh ideas and an entrepreneurship mentality. This is similar to a paid internship!!! You learn while you get paid. <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
American Income is a professional service firm delivering insurance services and solutions to clients. We are the exclusive provider of American Income products in 19 states and 7 provinces in Canada.
American Income is a fast growing insurance company recruiting key sales leaders. We operate in the US and Canada, with the primary focus in metropolitan areas. Our objective this year is to increase the number of offices within every state and province to meet current market demands.
Amenities
Amenities
Amenities job@j76cw.com
Also valuable: Javascript & jQuery; Flash & Actionscript 3
ALSO PLEASE MENTION IF YOU HAVE AN SUV/MINIVAN + VALID DRIVERS LICENSE THAT WOULD BE AVAILABLE AT YOUR USE DURING THE CAMPAIGN 
Allocating shipments to trucks
all the better!
All qualified candidates will be contacted.  killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
All qualified candidates send emails to bmartin@aerotek.com. EOE. careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
All positions will require weekend work.
All positions will require weekend work.
All positions are entry-level, and qualified candidates must possess great communication skills, professional image, and overall desire to learn and advance within the company. 
All personal care.  Patient is incontinent so must be changed and kept dry, warm and comfortable at all times.  Must know how to use a mechanical lift to get him from bed to wheel chair several times a day. <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
All participants must register with Alison by emailing the above address
All Market Merchants must have an eye for detail and the skill to make the presentation exciting and compelling.
All interested candidates should apply to: 
All candidates will need to meet the following minimum requirements: 
All candidates interested should submit either via email a cover letter and resume or come apply in person at 1101 Robson Street. 
All applicants must have a Pharmacy tecnician license, be proficient in both spoken and written English and be legally allowed to work in Canada -please DO NOT APPLY OTHERWISE. 
Advisor Websites is a team of hip, fun and flexible individuals working to deliver superior websites and pushing the boundaries of on web technology for professionals of the financial industry.
Advertising, Marketing, Customer Service & Public Relations - 10 Immediate FULL TIME openings. 
Advertising online
Advertising Co-op Leadership
Advanced Windows and/or UNIX experience info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Adobe Acrobat Reader, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere, Flash 
Administrative Assistant Job Description
Adhere to all applicable Federal, Provincial and company regulations and ensure all functions and processes are fulfilled. 
Address: 1098 Davie st, Vancouver (Thurlow st and Davie st at Denny&#65533;s) 
Additional Skills: Train, direct and motivate staff
Additional responsibilities mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Additional Requirements: Previous hands on SharePoint administration experience (Mandatory) 
-Add drainage and hot and cold water for 3 pedicure chairs.         
acting with integrity, respect and fairness, 
ACT NOW _Call TODAY_WORK NEXT WEEK 
achieving their goals and objectives. We have developed a reputation as a premier job site, especially in the area of Sales, 
accurate processing of the customer&#65533;s order; Merchandise and maintain designated areas; ensure loss prevention systems and  service@derosaauto.ca
ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Accommodations (Bed and Bread) will be considered for the right candidate. Keep your apartment in Vancouver while you work in Chilliwack, the decision is yours. This is a great chance to put some money away and be appreciated for your efforts.
Above average pay commensurate with experience and demonstrated ability. 
About WPCG 
About WPCG 
About WPCG 
ABOUT US: 
About the position:  This position is responsible for driving to locations on a route and performing janitorial duties.  You must be able to service all the locations on your route on a given day within typical office hours (7:30 - 5:30 pm).  You will drive a truck to a location, and service that location's waste containers based on our instructions.  You will then drive the waste to our facility and unload and clean the truck and your supplies.  We will need you to send us your ICBC Abstract.  This position has the opportunity for advancement.
About the job:
About the company:  An eco-friendly waste management company.  
About Hirelounge 
About Apparent Networks:
About Adivsorwebsties.com 
About
Able to work alone.
Able to take instructions and commuciate with management
ABLE TO START ASAP 
Able to prep food.
Able to do simple math 
Able to do simple math
Ability to work within strict change control procedures (Mandatory) 
Ability to work with a variety of cleaning equipment and chemicals. 
Ability to work in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment  jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Ability to work in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment  killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Ability to Supervise: 20 people or less, Staff in various areas of responsibility Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
Ability to read, write and perform simple math such as adding, subtracting, dividing, and multiplying. Must be able to lift a minimum of 50 pounds frequently during their scheduled work times. Must have had at least 1 year of previous driving experience.
Ability to perform all duties as required 
Ability to operate kitchen equipment necessary.
Ability to operate a motor vehicle and have a valid Drivers License in the State that the driver is employed. Must have a clear driving record for the past 2 years. Cannot have had their drivers license ever suspended in connection with driving or traffic violations. Must adhere to all the company&#65533;s policy&#65533;s in regard to driving the company vehicle at all times. 
Ability to manipulate scenes and 3D view
Ability to manipulate scenes and 3D view
Ability to mainain tenant ledgers and files.  killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Ability to develop and maintain lasting relationships with clients  careers_at_pcis_dot_com
Ability to communicate with residents, respond to inquiries, complaints and other related activities
a) fed up of reading the full ads and don't even read what they are applying for
A woodwork background an asset but will train the right person who would like to grow with the company.
A well groomed appearance and very positive attitude are a must. bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
A valid clean B.C. drivers license is required and a drivers abstract must be provided if asked to come in for an interview.
A valid BC drivers license and SIN is a MUST.
-A valid BC driver&#65533;s license is a MUST.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
A twenty-seven year well-established lower mainland company with a large fleet of cranes and boom trucks requires MOTIVATED AND EXPERIENCED OPERATORS IMMEDIATELY. We offer a great work environment and opportunity to succeed. If you would like to join our wonderful team, please email your resume to: cranejobs4u@gmail.com
A Team Player 
A strong background in warehouse facility repairs and maintenance would be an asset. Under general supervision, the maintenance team will perform work involving the maintenance, upkeep, and system checks to keep the refrigeration equipment in repair and temperatures at their ideal settings. Duties will include repairing ammonia refrigeration equipment, temperature readings, defrost setups, alarm monitoring, and any troubleshooting needs.
A small custom metal fabrication shop; an earthy, level headed group of designers with elaborate metal construction, custom manufacturing and pre-fab parts on the brain. We share like visions, concepts, ideas that make large and small scale projects across the Lower Mainland possible.  josie.bradley@bclupus.org
A respectful workplace that is involved in the community 
A Refined Aesthetic Force For Fine Wine Importer.
A MINIMUM of 3-5 years of Family Law .
A minimum of 1 year retail florist/design experience is required.
A great candidate for this position will possess the following skills:- 
-A good knowledge of the Greater Vancouver area is an asset!
a few outgoing and enthusiastic individuals who 
A Community Connector helps facilitate for an individual and perhaps their family the building of a social network.  You help plan outings (like a trip to the beach or a poker night) for the individual at the center of the network and invite their friends along.  You attend Meet Up meetings with the person at the center of the network and help with the introductions to others in the group. You assist in the first awkward moments of the introduction, nurture the connection and then fade back and watch as connections grow naturally. 
A Community Connector helps facilitate for a person and perhaps their family the building of a social network.  You help plan outings (like a trip to the beach or a poker night) for the individual at the center of the network and invite their friends along.  You attend Meet Up meetings with the person at the center of the network and help with the introductions to others in the group.  You assist in the first awkward moments of the introductions and walk away and watch as connections grow naturally. 
A commitment to the full year is preferred. 
9. Maintains Course Meta Data in SAP learning management system. 
9. Ability to accurately follow step-by-step written instructions 
8-10$/hr for basic prep and dishwashing. (Usually 10+/hr with tips)
8-10 $ for one load of laundry
8. Prepares, maintains and publishes corporate learning content library. 
8. Demonstrated experience translating complex information into concise, plain language 
7:00 am start, 30 min lunch break (unpaid), must be available to work occasional overtime, and/or night shift
7. Works under the direction of Instructional Designers to develop on concepts that address and contribute to achieving training and learning objectives. 
7. Perform other duties as assigned
7. Excellent interpersonal skills; ability to work as part of a team 
644 Queensbury Ave
604-739-8060  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
604 777 2195
604 777 2195
604 777 2195
604 777 2195 hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
604 687 0615 
604 687 0615
6. Verifies with the Competency Manager competencies for topics and learning outcomes.  wb45@wokbox.ca
6. Proficient computer skills hr_marqui@gmail.com
6. Demonstrated ability to work effectively with internal clients and meet appropriate service standards  <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
6. Assist in ensuring occupational health and safety and regulatory compliance
6 sales per month '= Bonus
5-10 years experience: Engineer Experience 
-5+ years experience preferred ( Dental Receptionist/ Office Administrator)
5. Takes inventory of existing course material and maps content to course objectives that were developed by Instructional Designers.  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
5. Material handling experience is an asset
5. Help maintain a safe plant in mechanically sound condition meeting all federal, state, and local guidelines
5. Extensive experience with Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Adobe. 
5. Click ""signup"" 
5 please visit us on between Nov 10, 11,12
4. Writes learner profile based on Instructional Designer&#65533;s analysis. 
4. Valid SIN# or Work Permit
4. Other professional certificates and schooling would be an asset (examples would be Electrical, Millwork, Welding)
4. General repairs, upkeep and maintenance of facility systems, material handling equipment, racking, dock equipment, building automation systems, HVAC and boiler systems, plumbing systems, etc
4. Excellent oral and written communication skills and a proven ability to work independently 
4. Enter the required information 
4 NO CALL NO EMAIL reply on this AD (thank you for understanding) 
4 - Vacancy
3rd Keyholder will report to the Store Manager and be in-training to become Assistant Manager. Keyholder will be responsible for selling, retaining and developing a team that is focused on exceeding sales goals. We seek managers who have previous retail management experience and enjoy a variety of rewards. We offer a fast paced work environment, growth opportunities, a considerate shopping discount, and a generous bonus scheme. Must be highly energetic and willing to work various shifts with a passion to succeed. 
3D math for rendering and animation
3D math for rendering and animation
3. Work with contractors as required
3. Reliability, honesty, strong work ethic, punctuality
3. Previous sales experience.
3. Explains development process to all client groups. 
3. Excellent analytical, writing, development and editing skills to ensure consistency and quality in training materials. 
3. Car
3. A team player with good communication skills and the ability to supervise contractors
3 Prefer live in downtown area. 
3 - 5 years Simply Accounting. 
3 - 5 years minimum property management accounting experience.  mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
2-3 Administration Experience, accounting experience preferred 
2-3 Administration Experience 
2-3 1.5 hour lessons to be held during the week after school
2174 West 41st Avenue
2100 Park Royal South Shopping Centre West Vancouver, British Columbia V7T 2W4
20-30 hrs a week / competitive wages 
2. Up to Date Forklift Licence (certificate required as proof) wb45@wokbox.ca
2. Scroll down and click on ""JOIN"" (There is no cost to join) 
2. Reformats existing instructor-led training materials into a web-based (eLearning) training format. 
2. Good communication skills.
2. Drivers license gary at quayproperty dot net
2. Conduct preventative maintenance, temperature readings on refrigeration equipment
2. A strong mechanical aptitude with demonstrated trouble shooting abilities
2. 2 years directly relevant experience with adult learning principles 
2 years to less than 3 years
-2 written references 
-2 written references 
-2 written references  sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
2 flexible schedules, on call available, available on weekend, holidays and evening. Understanding early out or extending hours will be happened sometimes base on sales. 
-1st Class Customer Service
1-866-812-2478
1-866-812-2478
1-866-812-2478
160 $ a month for hydro
15-18 for chef de partie (with tips usually 18) **hopefully you see how this is going** childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
15.50 per hr to start
144.WebTech@hiredesk.net 
14 $ for a pack of smokes
1-2 years in online game related experience or Game Master will be highly valued. 
112 East 15th Street Lonsdale, North Vancouver.
11:00am &#65533; 3:00pm 
11. Knowledge of gas distribution is an asset 
105 - 1755 West Broadway 
10-14 for prep-line skills (Usually 13.50 and with tips 15.00-16.00/hr)
10:00AM~ 12:00 AM and 2:00 PM ~ 6 PM ONLY. 
10. Working knowledge of specialized educational software an asset. (Captivate, Net-Meeting, Authorware, Flash, HTML 
10. Performs duties of a minor nature related to the above duties, which do not affect the rating of the job. 
1. Writing and enhancement of instructor-led and eLearning based course and materials using provided instructional design methodologies, while meeting company competency and customer requirements/needs and deadlines. Course development responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
1. Some college level education
1. Please visit: http://www.HempDaddy.biz 
1. General repairs, investigation in any ammonia refrigeration issues and troubleshoot and air quality or temperature issues
1. Clean driving record
1. Certificate in technical writing or business communications or equivalent and, Diploma in Adult Education or equivalent. 
1. 5th Class Power Engineer with refrigeration endorsement a must
1. 2+ years of Masonry Labouring experience
1 year experience 
1 to 3 years sales experience 
1 some experience needed, English speaking. (Serve It Right Certificate) 
1  filthly living condition, complete with cockroaches and stained mattresses
~ Caregiver/Facilitator & Compatible Companion needed ~
____________________________________________________________________________ 
.Net Web Developer (1 year contract)
.....and more!
.   Office Administration and day to day operations of the Lupus Society office including record keeping, bank deposits, invoice payments, member correspondence, tax receipting. wb45@wokbox.ca
.    Work with the board to plan and implement public awareness programs.
.    Well developed interpersonal skills.  info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
.    Web site maintenance experience an asset.  cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
.    Volunteer recruitment, support and supervision; donor and sponsor recognition. careers at visioncritical dot com
.    Support for treasurer and executive including assistance in budgeting, financial reporting and grant applications. Board of Directors administrative support. 
.    Strong computer skills &#65533; Microsoft Office and knowledge of accounting software.
.    Not-for-profit organization experience preferred.  
.    Minimum 2 years experience in a similar role.
.    Membership support including newsletter preparation and publication, planning and implementation of educational events in conjunction with the board, information and media library maintenance.  <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
.    In conjunction with the board develop and evaluate annual fundraising plans; implement fundraising initiatives 
.    Health related experience; fundraising and/or government relations experience an asset.
.    Experience working with and/or supervising volunteers. enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
.    Excellent time management skills. <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
.    Driver&#65533;s license beneficial.  <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
.    Ability to work independently, accept supervisory direction and be a successful team player.
*You must be available for ALL shifts*
*You must be available for ALL shifts*
*Working as a team 
*Working as a team careers at securiguard dot com
*Working as a team
*Willingness to learn and work hard
*supervisory experience in a fast-paced, customer service environment 
*supervisory experience in a fast-paced, customer service environment  <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
*Strong problem solving skills with ability to work with minimal supervision.
*Stable work
*Providing care, support, and assistance to individuals with disabilities resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
*Providing care, support, and assistance to individuals with developmental disabilities
*Providing care, support, and assistance to individuals with autism 
*Preparing meals 
*Preparing meals
*Preparing meals
*past experience of working in a Coffee chain / Waitress position / Daily food prep
*past experience of working in a Coffee chain / Waitress position / Daily food prep
*Other requirements which may be specific to the individual(s) served 
*Other requirements which may be specific to the individual(s) served
*Other requirements which may be specific to the individual(s) served
*Non-Violent Crisis Prevention and Intervention certification 
*Non-Violent Crisis Prevention and Intervention certification
*Non-Violent Crisis Prevention and Intervention certification
*Minimum of one year of bookkeeping experience; nwwf@shawbiz.ca
*Medical & Dental benefits including
*Maintaining the household 
*Maintaining the household
*Maintaining the household
*Learning about a new industry
*Knowledge of community resources 
*Knowledge of community resources
*Knowledge of community resources
*Knowledge of augmentative communication 
*Knowledge of augmentative communication <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
*Knowledge of augmentative communication
*Implementing personal protocols, schedules, and activities 
*Implementing personal protocols, schedules, and activities
*Implementing personal protocols, schedules, and activities
*high energy  hr_marqui@gmail.com
*high energy 
*have a reliable car that you don't mind having dogs in
*have a cell phone
*hard working and enthusiasm  wb45@wokbox.ca
*hard working and enthusiasm 
*Good track record of attendance and reliability
*food, beverages, clothing, toiletries, transportation, parking, storage locker, phone, and internet EXCLUDED salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
*Following health care plans 
*Following health care plans <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
*Following health care plans
*experienced barista and capable of being cashier at the same time
*experienced barista and capable of being cashier at the same time
*Experience working in a warehouse <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
*Experience using a forklift and a current certificate
*Exceptional attention to detail and accuracy;
*Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
*Excellent written and verbal communication skills
*Excellent time management skills 
*Excellent time management skills killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
*Excellent communication skills; and
*Dependable, honest
*Current registration with the BC Care Aide and Community Support Worker  Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
*Current registration with the BC Care Aide and Community Support Worker  josie.bradley@bclupus.org
*Current registration with the BC Care Aide and Community Support Worker  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
*Completing daily documentation 
*Completing daily documentation
*Completing daily documentation
*Caseware, Quickbooks, Simply Accounting, MYOB Plus knowledge an asset;
*Car is Needed to be able to get from Job to Job* Experience is an Asset (BUT WILL TRAIN the right person)** 
*Candidates must have full access to a vehicle as you will be required to transport a booth*
*Candidates must have full access to a vehicle as you will be required to transport a booth*
*Canadian public practice experience a strong asset;
*Building on your forklift experience
*bookkeeping;
*Behaviour Management training 
*Behaviour Management training job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
*Behaviour Management training <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
*be fluent in english
*Advancement opportunities
*Accompanying/transporting individuals to appointments and activities in the community 
*Accompanying/transporting individuals to appointments and activities in the community
*Accompanying/transporting individuals to appointments and activities in the community
*Access to reliable personal vehicle 
*Access to reliable personal vehicle
*Ability to work independently and make decisions
*a passion for working with people 
*a passion for working with people 
**These are requirements from CN, unfortunately I cannot sell to you if you do not meet ALL 3 qualifications**
**Please note: You must be able to provide a minimum of 2 work references at the time of the interview.**
**Due to the volume of resumes, only those candidates being considered will be contacted.
**Due to the volume of resumes, only those candidates being considered will be contacted.
**Due to the volume of resumes only those candidates being considered will be contacted.
***Please contact Joel at Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com to apply, or visit www.mosaicjobs.com.
***Please apply directly at www.windmobile.ca/careers and to attach you most updated resume when creating a profile***
***Please apply directly at www.windmobile.ca/careers & remember to attach your most updated resume when creating a profile***
***Machining industry experience a definite asset.*** 
******Please only serious applicants need apply (pls only send 1 resume)****** 
**** $70-85K + Benefits****  
*** Key requirements: 
*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php  careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php 
*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php
*** Experience using an Esporta Wash System,  is strongly desired. 
** Registered member of College of Registered Massage Therapists of BC and holds professional practice insurance
** Please e-mail resumes to job@j76cw.com (please state the LOCATION you are applying for IN THE SUBJECT) (metrotown, park royal, robson, broadway) 
** Maintains continuing education requirements as put fourth by the College of Registered Massage Therapists of BC
** Experience working with the athletic population is recommended <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
* well oriented, independant, able to work well without supervision and well with others 
* Well knoledge of hedges trimming.
* Volunteers under the age of 16 must be accompanied by an adult at all times in the tree lot. 
* Various manufacturing  and other types of client facilities
* Valid BC driver license
* Utilizes technical support available at head office when unable to troubleshoot certain problems in the field
* Train, mentor, motivate and lead other employees 
* Service vehicle, cell phone, computer supplied by company
* retail sales
* Reimbursement expense account
* Punctual and reliable 
* Provide Project Coordinators and Project Managers with job status updates (timelines, problems, deficiencies etc) 
* Provide customers with job status updates. Be the main point of contact on site 
* Prepare and cook complete meals,special meals, individual dishes and foods and sweets; Schedule and supervise kitchen helpers; Oversee kitchen operations; ; clean kitchen and work area; , determine size of food portions, and specialize in preparing and cooking ethnic cuisine and special dishes. 
* preparation of T3 returns; and
* preparation of personal tax returns;
* preparation of information returns, such as GST, T3&#65533;s,T4's, T5's;
* preparation of corporate year-end working paper files, including corporate tax returns and all correspondence;
* Preference given to those with technician training or experience - appliance, motor, photocopier, industrial equipment, & etc. <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
* POS transactions 
* Physically fit and Well groomed 
* Performs other related duties and services for customer as required
* Performs appropriate tests procedures 
* Participate in a rotational on-call schedule 
* Pack and Polly customers personal items; Ensuring nothing is broken and everything is itemized and documented. Take pictures as necessary 
* Organize multiple employees and trades to ensure projects are running smoothly 
* Notify Project Coordinators if cleaning supplies are low. Ensure cleaning equipment is maintained accordingly 
* Must have valid driver's license (Class 5) with clean driver's abstract  heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
* Must have clean criminal background 
* Must be extremely detail oriented. 
* Miscellaneous Tasks as required 
* minor reception/clerical  duties. 
* Load, unload and transport contents materials. Distribute contents materials to the appropriate location according to project plans and specifications  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
* Lawn care skills (Aerating, power raking, reseeding, lawn mowing, weedwalking etc)
* laundry
* Knowledge of diagnosis of electrical board, basic electrical wiring and motor pump, industrial machinery repair
"* Job title

OPPORTUNITY FOR CREATIVE ENTREPRENEURS jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com

Artists, graphic designers, photographers, fashion designers - this is your chance to showcase and sell your work!  Bring your selected pieces into our street level studio in Gastown, where we will display your pieces and sell them for you, with 100% profits going to YOU. 

We also have office space available for creative work.  This is a great starting point for anyone doing freelance design work and wanting to work within a creative environment.  Rental space can be paid month-to-month, and there are a variety of options in terms of space size and price. 

Visit http://vancouver.en.craigslist.ca/van/off/2044631847.html  for details on the space. 

* Company name

206 Carrall <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->

* Contact info

killerwhit@gmail.com <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->

778-899-9448

or stop by the studio at 206 Carrall Street  (in Gastown) lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com

* How to apply

email Whitney Fyfe at:  killerwhit@gmail.com, <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
 <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
or call 778-899-9448

you may also stop by and check out the studio space for yourself during open houses every Saturday in November from 6pm-11pm. 

* Job description
 applications@plan.ca
If you want to showcase and sell your work, your will be able to bring in 4-6 selected pieces and assist us in setting up your display in a unique and appealing form.  You can create whatever assisting materials you wish. 
 jobs at blackbearpub dot com
If you are interested in working from within the studio, office space is available.
 <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
* Qualifications

All artwork and designs will need to meet standards for approval, however we are very open to a variety of mediums and styles. 

For those wishing to work within the studio, we may ask to contact a reference, or to evaluate your work ethic over a trial period. 

* Deadline for application

End of November for December positions.

"
"* Job title

OPPORTUNITY FOR CREATIVE ENTREPRENEURS
 <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Artists, graphic designers, photographers, fashion designers - this is your chance to showcase and sell your work!  Bring your selected pieces into our street level studio in Gastown, where we will display your pieces and sell them for you, with 100% profits going to YOU. 

We also have office space available for creative work.  This is a great starting point for anyone doing freelance design work and wanting to work within a creative environment.  Rental space can be paid month-to-month, and there are a variety of options in terms of space size and price. 

Visit http://vancouver.en.craigslist.ca/van/off/2044631847.html  for details on the space. 

* Company name
 administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
206 Carrall

* Contact info

killerwhit@gmail.com

778-899-9448

or stop by the studio at 206 Carrall Street  (in Gastown) winnie-li24@hotmail.com

* How to apply <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->

email Whitney Fyfe at:  killerwhit@gmail.com,
 <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
or call 778-899-9448
 merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
you may also stop by and check out the studio space for yourself during open houses every Saturday in November from 6pm-11pm. 

* Job description

If you want to showcase and sell your work, your will be able to bring in 4-6 selected pieces and assist us in setting up your display in a unique and appealing form.  You can create whatever assisting materials you wish. 
 <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
If you are interested in working from within the studio, office space is available. minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com

* Qualifications salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com

All artwork and designs will need to meet standards for approval, however we are very open to a variety of mediums and styles. 
 industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
For those wishing to work within the studio, we may ask to contact a reference, or to evaluate your work ethic over a trial period. 

* Deadline for application

End of November for December positions.
 <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
** Employment Opportunity **"
* Interacts with customer to provide guidance as to the operation and maintenance of their equipment
* Have great social skills  job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
* Have a positive attitude  alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
* Hard-working and detail oriented  bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
* Great Communication Skills 
* Good knoledge of plant material.
* Good garden maintenance skills
* general salon maintenance ie. sweeping, prepping pedi spas, etc.
* General mechanical aptitude and ability to understand and effectively use specialized testing instruments and equipment victor@goldsgymbc.ca
* Fluent English (spoken/written)  <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
* experienced in retail sales.  josie.bradley@bclupus.org
* Experience with Union is an asset 
* Experience with Ceredian Payroll System is a must - NO EXCEPTIONS 
* excellent customer service skills.
* Establishes and maintains testing equipment and materials used in performance of job
* Ensures any repairs and maintenance for testing equipment are performed in a timely manner
* Ensure vehicles are stocked with appropriate company tools and supplies to fulfill designated tasks 
* Education - completion of high school 
* Document results of tests and submits completed document to administrative office for completion
* Construction Cleans. Ensure sites are clean of debris and ready for construction work  <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
* Complete and fulfill paperwork required for contents moved off site 
* College level mathematics is an asset (Basic math a must) hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
* Carrying, lifting equipment and parts ranging in weight up to 60lbs.
* Be confident in dealing with people  mhr85@shaaw.ca
* available 5 days a week including weekends  steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
* Assists office with other related duties as required
* answering calls and booking appointments.
* AN UP TO DATE PORT PASS
* Able to use any equipment ( mower, weedwalker, trimmers, aerator, power rake, blowers etc) applications at plan dot ca
* Able to enter contents sheets into a computerized database 
* Able to drive a pick up truck
* Ability to handle and resolve recurring problems and to troubleshoot new problems while working independently
* Ability to establish priorities, work independently, and proceed with objectives without supervision
* A variety of spaces
* A TLS OWNER OPERATOR LICENSE
* A CLEAN DRIVERS ABSTRACT gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
* 8am to 5pm
* 6 weeks apprentice program that pays $400 to $560/ week DOE hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
* 4 plus years experience working in contents 
* $35,000 plus medical benefits, after 6 months probationary - additional benefits
(Tye-Keyworker)
(Side Note) Unfortunately folks we have a previous employee bad mouthing the shop on craigslist because he was let go.  Any statement can look good or bad for one side or another depending it's context and tones however, in this case 95% of the statements posted are just flat out lies.  We at DeRosa Auto wish this previous employee good luck in his ongoing job hunt and that maturity will set in soon.
(Position available immediately until incumbent returns.)
(Company Confidential) <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
(Company Confidential)
(c) the individual has earned a CFA Charter and satisfy the other portfolio manager qualifications.
(b)
(a) service@derosaauto.ca
$20 per hour, overtime after 9 hours. 
$13/hr 
$13.00 Hourly, for 40.00 Hours per week 
-$120 per sale Commission plus daily cash bonuses 
$100 cash will be presented to each participant at the end of the session as a thank-you for attending.
"

Your next job will be one of the most important decisions you ever make.  Talent Technology delivers technology and solutions to help companies hire people like you every day."
"

You are passionate about software quality and love using your investigative skills to discover issues that no one else has even thought about. Through comprehensive testing you will become a key contributor to building some of the coolest software around. Join our highly skilled team and combine your passion for leading edge technologies with an atmosphere that is fun and promotes personal growth."
"
 applications@plan.ca
Yesterday I posted an ad for the above and was telling folks of my horrible experience with agencies and how companies are always low balling us with salaries etc...."
"

www.deepssunshinecleaning.com "
" <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->

Wok Box Capilano Square, North Vancouver is seeking part-time Front of House staff. Wok Box is a quick service restaurant serving all your favorite Asian dishes served out of flaming woks in our open kitchen. "
"

Who we are:"
"

Whether you are looking to change careers or get established in your first opportunity, this might be a fit for you.  Our company focuses on a specific division of financial planning, which is life insurance." <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"

What the F......here goes again. Classic example. This ad below tells the employee a heck of a lot about the job doesn't it?"
" jobs at autoboxmedia dot com

Westward Advisors Ltd. is an established and progressive company specializing in the development of insurance-based tax and estate planning solutions. Our clients are successful entrepreneurs and business owners located across Canada. " merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
"

We're opening a new salon in a very busy Po Co location.  We're looking for a licenced esthetician" <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
" 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net

Well-established legal services company location in Downtown Vancouver is seeking an outgoing, go-getter who loves to sell and build relationships. If you are a self motivated, goal oriented, metrics driven individual that understands the importance of how an effective sales process, combined with quality customer service and the ability to ask for the sale will ensure your success, then this is the opportunity for you. "
"

Well-established legal services company location in Downtown Vancouver is seeking an outgoing, go-getter who loves to sell and build relationships. If you are a self motivated, goal oriented, metrics driven individual that understands the importance of how an effective sales process, combined with quality customer service and the ability to ask for the sale will ensure your success, then this is the opportunity for you. "
"

Well established company in Langley looking for experienced Hardie, wood, & vinyl Installation Crews for various multi-family residence projects in the Lower Mainland. Must have own transportation and tools. "
"

WebTech Wireless Inc. is a provider of vehicle fleet location-based services (LBS) and telematics technology. It develops, manufactures and supports end-to-end wireless solutions that improve the productivity, profitability, environmental compliance and safety of vehicle fleets. The Company serves customers of all sizes in the government, transit, transportation, service, insurance and OEM markets in over forty-one countries, including Fortune 500 companies. Specialized solutions include: Quadrant&#65533; fleet management software, InterFleet&#65533; solutions for government, and NextBus&#65533; real-time passenger information services for public transit fleets. "
"
 careers at securiguard dot com
Web Development franchise looking for an appointment maker. " 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
"

We&#65533;re Terasen Gas. We&#65533;re the people who distribute the natural gas that warms the homes, cooks the dinner and heats the water of our customers in 125 BC communities. As a Fortis company, we are part of the largest investor-owned utility in gas and electric distribution in Canada. We are currently searching for 2 temporary Instructional Writers to join our Training department "
"

We&#65533;re Growing&#65533; "
"
 <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We offer pre-school, kindergarten and all-day care. Capacity 25.   Must be dedicated, enthusiastic and love children.  Openings for one preschool teacher and one assistant teacher.  Starting date negotiable.  We operate year round."
"

We need several staff -- a face painter, balloon twister (balloon artist, sculptor) or a magician with family magic tricks (no cards, no coins, please)"
" sitar8_at_telus_dot_net

We have expanded and  we are looking for Managers and Assistant Managers.  If you would like a new challenge, get paid while you train and work in a fun environment we are looking for you to join our Domino's Pizza team.  Please send your resume via fax to 604-552-4247." enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
"
 bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
We have an immediate need for a scheduler for a 3 month contract (minimum) working on a large IT project" bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
"

We have a rare opening for a permanent 3/4 to full time store assistant for our award winning Toy and Infant Accessories store located at Kids Market on Granville Island. This position involves, but is not limited to, acquiring product knowledge, interacting with customers, actively recommending appropriate products, using a computerized point of sale system, receiving, pricing and merchandising of product, as well as store opening/closing. We are looking for an outgoing, friendly and very detail orientated """"people person"""" able to work independently while keeping the store neat, clean and organized. Granville Island is the second largest tourist attraction in Canada as well as a place where locals come to play and shop. It is also a fun and rewarding place to work. Meet and chat with people from all over the world. Please email resume or apply in person, between 10am and 6pm, at Camelot Kids, Ground Floor, Kids Market, 1496 Cartwright Street, Granville Island. No phone calls please. Please understand we can only respond to applicants under consideration."
"

We currently have opening for day and evening shifts ranging from 20-40/hrs per week." <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"
 resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
We currently have an opening for evening and weekend positions.  An ideal candidate will be able to work well in a team environment, show dedication to customer service and cleanliness.  If you feel that you can fill this role, please respond with your resume and availability. "
"

We are shooting a info product about meeting and attracting "
"

We are seeking an energetic, experienced bookkeeper to join our expanding company. "
"
 <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We are searching for a Sales & Design Furniture Selling Superstar, with a proactive yet, positive attitude to join our team of professionals.  Interior Design is an absolute asset, however, prior experience (minimum 3 years) in furniture sales is a requirement.  We have been retailing in the city for many years and have a prime location on United Boulevard.  We are looking for someone who enjoys helping people furnish their rooms with fine quality furnishings, and yet understands the importance of closing ratios.  Must have excellent communication and presentation skills and be able to overcome challenging situations with maturity and integrity.  We are looking for an enthusiastic team player that is willing to learn new concepts and ideas when it comes to home furnishings and interior design.  Knowledge in current fashion trends is also an asset. Weekends and Holidays are our busiest in the store, and therefore are also a requirement as part of the work schedule.   " nwwf@shawbiz.ca
" careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com

We are searching for a Rendering Software Engineer!"
"

We are recruiting for a 5th Class Power Engineer with a Refrigeration Endorsement for our Langley warehouse. " Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
" wb45@wokbox.ca

We are opening a new salon in a very busy area of Po Co.  Looking for a stylist ..." resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
"
 job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
We are looking immediately for a project coordinator for a large IT project. " mhr85@shaaw.ca
"

We are looking for someone with knowledge in fashion to contribute articles to our Vancouver celeb news website."
"

We are looking for sales associates to do face-to-face presentations to our existing client base, throughout BC.  We provide training and support to bring a more personal approach to marketing strategies, and ensure the highest level of customer service.  Qualified candidates are ambitious and self-motivated, who always want to strive to exceed goals and targets.  "
"
 enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
We are looking for full-time and part-time Customer Service-focused Sales Consultants for a dealer of a new mobile telecommunications carrier in town. Reporting to the Assistant Sales Manager, a Sales Consultant will be accountable for achieving mobile phone and service sales goals and customer service performance standards through a combination of new customer sales, referral customer sales, accessory sales, up-selling of features and services, and excellent customer satisfaction feedback. You will also be responsible for handling service related issues and resolving customer complaints in an effective and efficient manner. " anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
"

We are looking for an intermediate level accredited accounting professional who is flexible and has a diverse business background to work approx 20-40 hours a week. "
"

We are looking for an experienced AutoPlan agent to work in our West Vancouver office.  The position is part time for weekends and some weekday shfits.  Fluent in written and spoken English.  Level 1 or 2 required with a minimum 6 months AutoPlan experience.  Personal Lines an asset but not required.  Good customer service skills required.  Forward cover letter and resume to Jeanette's attention via email."
"

We are looking for an experienced AutoPlan agent to work in our West Vancouver office.  Level 1 or 2 required with a minimum 6 months AutoPlan experience.  Personal Lines an asset but not required.  The position is part time for weekends and some weekday shifts.  Fluent in written and spoken English.  Good customer service skills required.  Please forward cover letter and resume by email." salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
"

we are looking for an enthusiastic team player to work 4 days in our store. the preferred days of work would be: Tue, Wed, Thu and Saturday." killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
" careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com

We are looking for a qualified Certified Dental Assistant for our well-equipped, progressive, computerized dental clinic."
"

We are looking for a PHP developer to build a website wiht wordpress. " cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
"
 resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
We are looking for a person full time, seasonal job, for the ending season, the candidate must have:"
" sitar8_at_telus_dot_net

We are looking for a Part-time Barista who has experience making latte, cappuccino , mocha etc. ! for this position you must know how to make LATTE ART !!!!"
"

We are looking for a front desk reception person to join our team.  Must enjoy an active lifestyle.  Great environment with perks such as membership to the facility."
"

We are looking for a front desk reception person to join our team.  Must enjoy an active lifestyle.  Great environment with perks such as membership to the facility."
" <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

We are looking for a front desk reception person to join our team.  Must enjoy an active lifestyle.  Great environment with perks such as membership to the facility."
"
 info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
We are looking for "
"

We are located on 1696 Robson St. Currently we are looking experienced in Cashier / Barista / Waitress / Food Prep ( Part Time / Full Time ) "
"

We are located on 1696 Robson St. Currently we are looking experienced in Cashier / Barista / Waitress / Food Prep ( Part Time / Full Time ) "
"

We are inviting persons age 25-75 who is currently being administered or in the past have been administered blood anti-coagulant medications to participate in a research study."
"

We are in need of a part time care aid four/ 24 hour shifts/$100.00 per shift - days of the week:  Thursday, Friday, Saturday & Sunday ... actually working approximatelty 6-7 hours daily. You  must reside here for the four shifts and be available as patient is in need of night time aid - turning him from side to side, usually once but sometimes more during the night."
"
 nwwf@shawbiz.ca
We are hiring ESL Specialists (must have an Education Certification). "
" chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com

we are hiring a skilled carpenter.  We need someone who will work as a subcontractor, we pay your wcb, pay is every 2 weeks." info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
"

We are growing again!!  Owner/operators are needed to start as soon as possible for established, growing courier company in the lower mainland."
"

We are expanding our inside sales team and we are looking for a in-store/telephone sales person.  Technical knowledge is an asset.  We are looking for a results-oriented Sales Associate who will meet and exceed personal and sales targets, receive customer calls, handle emails, and provide an outstanding customer experience. The ideal candidate will have related experience in a commission-based environment. Successful candidates will be able to maintain customer satisfaction, and ensure consistent productivity and quality of service. Our telephone sales team plays a vital role in providing an interface between our customers and our organization. Frontier PC is looking for a friendly, professional, and customer-oriented individual to join our team. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a growing company. "
"
 careers at visioncritical dot com
WE ARE CURRENTLY SEEKING SECURITY PROFESSIONALS TO WORK A VARIETY OF SHIFTS IN THE CHILLIWACK AREA "
"
 careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
We are currently looking for small to medium size owner operators that can meet the following: "
" applications at plan dot ca

We are currently looking for applicants who must have the following requirements:"
"

We are currently looking for an interior and exterior detailer for our Car Dealership in Vancouver."
" salesrep@itfrontdesk.com

We are currently looking for a registered massage therapist for our clinic. New grads are welcome. Please submit your resume."
"

We are currently looking for a compassionate and respectful individual to join our team. This part time position is ideal for someone who wants to make a difference for seniors and people living with limitations. " careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
"

We are currently hiring qualified, experienced Electrical Journeymen.  We offer full benefits, competitive wages, RRSP&#65533;s, profit sharing and diversified work environments! "
" sitar8_at_telus_dot_net

We are currently hiring qualified, experienced Electrical Journeymen.  We offer full benefits, competitive wages, RRSP&#65533;s, profit sharing and diversified work environments! "
"

We are currently filling three Jr. Account Manager Position at our Metrotown location. The position will consist of contacting our existing database of clients to update them on our newest programs and products. No sales will be involved at the junior level. The position will pay a base of $10 per hour and have a very attractive bonus schedule. We are looking to hire people with proven closing skills and sales experience as we plan to promote to the Senior Account Manager positions, which come with amazing earning potentials!" Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
"

We are busy restaurant serving breakfast and lunch located on Annacis Island in Delta."
"

We are an upscale, boutique salon located by Rogers Arena (GM Place).  We pride ourselves on being a friendly, upbeat salon, with an eye for beautiful highlights and technically strong haircuts." bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
"

We are an online marketing company looking for someone to make daily calls to small businesses in regards to our products."
"

We are an established auto detailing center located in vancouver." bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
"

We are an Electronic Parts Retailer in Langley for over 30 years. "
"

We are American Income Life and we provide union members with improvements to their benefit programs. Serious career minded people only. "
"

We are a well-established law firm in Richmond, BC seeking junior or intermediate associates to handle civil litigation and family cases. Associates may expand to other areas of law to help with a steady increase in clients. Knowledge of Mandarin is an asset." maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
"

We are a tutoring service provider." applications at plan dot ca
"

We are a small Richmond accounting firm and seeking an accountant assistant. Your responsibilities will include:"
"

We are a restaurant located in the heart of the Dunbar neighbourhood, and we are looking for a server! "
"
 wb45@wokbox.ca
We are a progressive retail liquor chain and we are seeking applications for all positions for our new East Vancouver store." victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
" mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com

We are a private Home Care provider.  We are looking for vacation replacment for a live-in care aide for our client who has MS.  " salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
"

We are a private Home Care company seeking care givers for clients located in Maple Ridge/Pitt Meadows. "
"

We are a private Home Care company seeking care givers for clients located in Maple Ridge/Pitt Meadows. "
" <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->

We are a local women's clothing company, who are looking for a part time leading to full time sales associate who is: "
"
 hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
We are a busy national service contractor servicing the retail and food service sectors. We are currently seeking an experienced technician to service our customer base."
"
 nwwf@shawbiz.ca
We are a busy deli/bakery, and we serve the best Jewish deli food. At the moment we are seeking seeking Front Counter Attendant " winnie-li24@hotmail.com
"
 <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
We are a advertising company which specializes in sporting venues, specifically hockey arenas and golf courses. Compensation is 100% commission. Employee will need sales experience and a vehicle for transportation, but will have the opportunity to do much of their work at home! We are looking for someone ASAP.......Work is bountiful and a significant opportunity is available!!!!"
"

We are  hiring several brand ambassadors for a major beer company promo in Downtown Vancouver"
"

Watch out for this Zionist outfit! These vipers will burn you out, chew you up, then spit you out! They have done it to many, they rip you off for hours, dismiss your inquiries about the discrepancies in your pay...they ignore safe practices in the workplace, and run unsafe equipment, force you to work with drug addicts and alcoholics... just a few irregularities to mention ..BEWARE!! You enter the jaws of sharks here at Bekins Moving & Storage(Canada)!"
"

Wash person needed at south surrey dealership, must be able to drive standard. Duties will include washing cars, cleaning shop, occasionally driving shuttle van. Clean and friendly work enviroment. please apply to above email."
"
 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
Warehouse Coordinator - Narcotics Division"
"

Wanted:"
"

WANTED:"
" sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com

WANTED:"
"

wanted class one driver needed, knuckle crane experience prefered ,. Must have winter and highway driving experience and be able to go out of town.Full time position , min 3 years driving experience required. Some overtime required."
"

wanted class 1 pony or transfer experiance call 604 728 1433"
" <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->

Vancouver- Help consumers get their home ready for the Holidays! 6 week program November-December!"
"

Urgently Required : 3D Room Modeler with excellent VRAY knowledge."
"
 hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
Urgently Required : 3D Room Modeler with excellent VRAY knowledge."
"

Up and coming Green Housekeeping company Urban Home services is looking for casual employees. looking to make some extra money and make a difference? You are so much more than a miad when you work for Urban home services. It will be your job to provide a clean, cozy and inviting environment for our customers. duties include THOROUGH cleaning, going the extra mile, leaving fresh cut flowers, making clients home smell like pumpkin pie, folding laundry etc. we pay good because we know that you get what you pay for. MUST have vehicle, be bondable, caring, reliable and self motivated. may work into full time position if needed. knowledge or experience with eco friendly cleaning materials an asset but not required."
"

Trucking department needs dispatch/Foreman to supervise drivers in aggregate hauling operations. "
"
 enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
Too busy to clean you're home? Let me do it for you! I have seventeen years experience cleaning. I am reliable, and meticilous. I charge 22/hr.  If  you have any questions please call Leah @ 604-792-1720." winnie-li24@hotmail.com
"

Title: Manager, industrial relations ( for Latin America Region ) (NOC: 0112) "
" ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
 merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
This position requires an organized individual who has excellent communication skills, and an ability to work independently.  Duties include managing phone lines, communication with National Sales Team, preparing samples and all month end reporting for the National Sales Manager and National Account Manager."
"

This job is not just serving, but also doing dishes, ordering, and other things that come up. This is a breakfast place, it is small and therefor the server must preform many duties, The job will be 4 days on and 4 days off. Just like fireman or police. The shifts are 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. We have found it works really well, as far as being fair in getting weekends off. You must be honest and friendly, you must be willing to take direction, if you have a problem with that, don't bother with this ad. During the week it is just the server and the cook, on the weekends there is a dishwasher as well. I am looking for someone who is truly interested in the job and is willing to go the extra, when it is needed. The starting rate is $10 pr hour and will go up to $12 pr hour, after I feel that you really know, and are preforming the job well. There are tips also and are paid out daily. The dress in informal, jeans are acceptable, I do request that you wear proper foot wear. Serving it right and food safe a must."
"
 wb45@wokbox.ca
This is an entry level position with the opportunity to learn new Internet marketing skills, take on greater responsibilities and interesting tasks as the position grows. "
" victor at goldsgymbc dot ca

THis dick head wants a framing contractor to frame a 24x24 garage with two windows for $1000.  Ideal for a small crew he says .WHAT A  FUCKING JOKE , FRAMERS LETS LINE UP  TO KICK HIM IN THE BALLS ."
" careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com

The time has come to hire a new person who is ready to learn and grow with our companies. Two young and emerging companies, Student Yard Works and Mattressrecycling.ca, have a joint office in North Vancouver and are in need of an outstanding new member of our team to be a leader in our office. Our ideal candidate has exceptional communication skills, patience, has a good eye for details, is committed and pro-active in helping the company, is flexible in their role and treats every incoming call like gold. In the interview, you will be asked how you have demonstrated these skills in the past and your references will be checked. This is a new position and there will be lots of room for growth as our companies expand. "
"

The Press Cafe is looking for people to help make our gourmet paninis (with possibility for advancement)  If you're responsible, timely, organized and have a sunny disposition, please apply with resume to Areti.  We have both full-time and part-time positions available.  Must be willing to work on weekends.  Kitchen experience is a plus!"
"

The Movie Spa is growing and is currently looking for great people to fill the following positions: " <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"

The Help Desk/Systems Analyst will primarily support and maintain in-house equipment and IT assets.  This will include installing, configuring, diagnosing, repairing, and upgrading company hardware and equipment while ensuring its optimal performance and general security.  This position also troubleshoots problem areas in a timely and accurate fashion and will provide end user training and assistance where required.  Additionally, data extraction, report creation, and system analysis will be just as important within this role.  " careers at securiguard dot com
"
 cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
The Gold's Gym in Richmond is accepting applicants for Front Desk Receptionist position for afternoon shift from 3:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m." childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
" <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
 cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
THE GOLD'S GYM  in Richmond is currently seeking a highly motivated and enthusiastic General Sales & Marketing Manager to join our dynamic team."
"

The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is now hiring for the following Part Time and Casual positions:"
"
 careers at securiguard dot com
The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is now hiring for the following Part Time and Casual positions:" 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
"

The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring casual Recreation and Art Therapists at our centre in downtown Vancouver. " <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"

The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring casual Nurses at our centre in downtown Vancouver. " <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"

The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring casual Housekeepers at our centre in downtown Vancouver.  "
"

The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring casual Counselors at our centre in downtown Vancouver. " <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"
 merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring casual and Part Time Receptionists and Office Assistants at our centre in downtown Vancouver. "
"

THE COMPANY "
" sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com

The Burnaby Board of Education is seeking a Sprinkler Fitter/Installer-Plumber to work in the District on a temporary basis.  This position is responsible for installing, modifying, repairing, testing and maintaining of district fire sprinkler systems.  The successful candidate will require:"
"

The Black Bear Pub in Lynn Valley has been voted North Vancouver's favorite pub for 14 years running because we provide a safe, fun environment to eat and drink."
" <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

The BC Lupus Society is a registered charitable organization dedicated to providing lupus education, public awareness, scientific research, community outreach, and advocacy.  Our focus is on improving the lives of those affected by lupus through a wide variety of support services.  For further information please visit bclupus.org"
"

The AMS represents over 48,000 UBC students as well as students at affiliated colleges. The AMS operates student services, student owned businesses, resource groups, and clubs.  Our mission statement: To improve the quality of the educational, social, and personal lives of the students of UBC." maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
" jobs at blackbearpub dot com

Terms of Employment: Permanent, Full Time, Shift, Weekend, Day, Night, Evening "
" bloggerjob at hotmail dot com

Telephone Sales from Home working for Gutter Cleaning Company."
"

TELEMARKETING SUPERSTARS! "
"

Sura Korean Cuisine"
"

Summary"
"
 Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
Successful East Coast Transportation Company is looking for a self-motivated, hard working individual for full time position in its Pompano Beach location. Candidate must " minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
"
 sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
Subserveo is a fast growing Software-as-a-Service provider servicing the Financial Services industry.  We are growing fast and hiring now!"
"

Subserveo is a fast growing Software-as-a-Service provider servicing the Financial Services industry.  We are growing fast and hiring now!"
"

Steel Stud framing & Drywall Contractor is seeking an Estimator to start asap."
" resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com

Start up company is in search of a project promoter that will promote the company&#65533;s project to private investors.  A huge commission is offered to the successful candidate.  This is a position that will become permanent as a salaried position with benefits.  If you are ready to promote the best deal out there then we want to speak with you."
"

START IMMEDIATELY - NO SELLING"
" maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
 victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
SPECIAL EQUIPMENT OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS: "
" careers@contacservices.com

Small marina on Granville Island requires long term manager.  This is a part time job in the winter and full time in the summer. About 6 months each.  Applicant must live nearby and have reasonable mechanical, electrical and bookkeeping skills. Would suit semi-retired individual.   Please reply with specific work history and resume." mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
"

Sitar Restaurant, 8 Powell street, Vancouver, BC, V6A 1E7, Operating Since 1983, is hiring indian cooks for a permanant full-time position ($17/hr,40hrs/wk+ben) specialized in indian cooking. Send Resume-by mail or apply in person or e-mail:sitar8@telus.net, "
"

Sexy, fun, and smart. Hiring for upcoming Christmas holidays"
" minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com

Sexy, alluring, and empowering.  GUESS? Accessories is hiring passionate individuals for the holiday."
"

Service company in Burnaby needs a part time office assistant "
"

Seeking: Enthusiastic, Outgoing Community Connector who lives in South Burnaby"
"

Seeking: Enthusiastic, Outgoing Community Connector : White Rock "
"

Seeking, experienced janitorial workers the Coquiltam Area. Tagalog speaking an asset."
"

Seeking self motivated and professional telemarketers for sales and appointment scheduling. Successful applicants will be working, consulting prospective customers on their heating systems.  Employees set dates for furnace, vent and duct, boiler, and fire place cleaning and servicing.  Please contact Marcia at (604) 569-3855 for a possible interview. Please bring an updated version of your resume to the interview. Thank you."
"

Seeking an experienced office coordinator to assist in our Purchasing Department.  Must be proficient in MS Word and Excel.  You should have some familiarity with accounting functions such as reviewing invoices for discrepancies. Organization skills are key to this position as is some basic knowledge of purchasing functions.  Manufacturing and Electrical background candidates will be considered principle. You must be comfortable transitioning between departments within our company.  Multitasking is essential as your assistance might be required in the office and/or our warehouse.  This is a part-time position with great potential to become a full-time based on your ability and the growing needs of our company.  A resume&#65533; along with a cover letter explaining why you would be a great fit for this position should be emailed to the address provided."
"

Seeking an experienced office coordinator to assist in our Purchasing Department.  Must be proficient in MS Office and Excel.  You should have some familiarity with accounting functions such as reviewing invoices for discrepancies. Organization skills are key to this position as is some basic knowledge of purchasing functions.  Manufacturing and Electrical background candidates will be considered principle. You must be comfortable transitioning between departments within our company.  Multitasking is essential as your assistance might be required in the office and/or our warehouse.  This is a part-time position with great potential to become a full-time based on your ability and the growing needs of our company.  A resume&#65533; along with a cover letter explaining why you would be a great fit for this position should be emailed to the address provided."
"
 <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Searching for a Rendering Software Engineer!! "
"

SALES TRAINEE/OUTSIDE SALES "
"

Sales Rep/Promotions Consultant "
"

Sales Management "
"

rooms are great for massage, reflexology, acupuncture.,skin care and more very competitive price great location ." wb45@wokbox.ca
"

Richmond based Commercial Janitorial Company is seeking an experienced Customer Service Area Manager. "
"

Required immediatly for trucking company in Delta an afternoon dispatcher some experience in transportation is a must."
"

Recognized high-end wealth management firm seeking administrative assistant to support financial planning team. Growth opportunity."
"

Really!! A Whole $13.00 an hour... for those responsibilities! Ha! What a joke! Bakery management comes at a price and your not even close!"
"

REad this guys post he wants you to have truck,tools ,miter saw and he pays 23 to 25  . this guy has to be from Quebec , Ontario  that is where these cheap asses come from to try ruin the industry  , just ask where they are from if in dought.  they need a kick in the nuts to straghten them out."
"

RE; No legit contact info in job posting ads" mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
"

RAS Industries is a global leader in the design and manufacture of conveyor pulleys that are critical components in mining, forestry and other materials handling applications.  To keep pace with our growth, we're seeking a Project Manager to join our dynamic team based in Surrey, BC."
" cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com

QUINTANA ENTERPRISES se necesitan aprendices para trabajar en DRYWALL y TAPING. Experiencia NO necesaria"
" <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
 wb45@wokbox.ca
Pub style restaurant is in need of an Assistant Cook to help out with our busy brunch weekends and weekday evenings. You will be under our head cook helping out with cooking and prep work. Only experienced people need to apply."
"
 resumes@fraserway.com
PT Retail Sales Associate (seasonal) - 779 Thurlow St., Vancouver, BC"
"

PT Retail Sales Associate (Seasonal) - 2238 West 4th St., Vancouver, BC "
"

Professional Dental Administrator needed for patient oriented care Dental Office. If you are an individual who has the following attitude, skills, experience and goals then please respond."
"

Production Worker / Finisher Needed"
"

Pro-claim restoration ltd. was incorporated in 1991. Over the last seventeen years we have specialized in all types of property repairs for the insurance industry. "
"

Private driver. No smoke, no drink, no drugs! Must have clean driver/criminal/drug record."
"

Printing Company requires an energetic person to fulfill a variety of functions in a fast-paced print shop environment.   "
" alder-medical.clinic@telus.net

POWER TECHNOLOGIST / TECHNICIAN "
" victor at goldsgymbc dot ca

POSITION: SALES ASSOCIATE " <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"

Position Summary"
"

Please do not attach your resume, just copy it on the email body...." <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"
 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
Pharmacy technician position is available immedietly at our North Vancouver pharmacy located at central Lonsdale. "
" Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com

Paul's flooring inc is looking for enthusiastic and motivated sales person to join their team ." <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
" jobs at blackbearpub dot com

part-time school-age assistant needed for busy YMCA program. Monday to Friday, 2:00-5:00pm plus occasional additional hours. Class 4 driver's license an asset. Must have current first aid and CPR-C. Please send resume and cover letter to Gill Wilke at email address shown."
"
 <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Part-time Inside-Sales/Sales support"
"

PART-TIME HELP WITH OUR CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST"
"

Part time/Full time receptionist needed for a busy full service salon.  "
"

Part Time Service Shop Technician "
"

Part time position available in our clinic.  Must be able to use computer, be comfortable working with patients, booking appointments, answering phones and doing our billing.  We will train if you have the qualificiations we are looking for.  Must be able to speak Punjabi."
"

Part time doorman wanted for our surrey bar. Candidates must be physically fit, personable, posses a valid security license and be available to work both weekend and weekday shifts. Prior security experience is an asset but not required, we will train the right candidate."
"
 job@j76cw.com
PARALEGAL/CORPORATE -START JAN. 2011"
"

Pan Pacific College is currently looking for an experienced, confident teacher to lead classess in our busy ESL schoool. We are a well established, PCTIA certified school. We are looking for someone who has the experience and skills to quickly step into our ESL program. Despite the time of year, we are extremely busy at the moment and are looking to open a new level(or duplicate level). The curriculum for the course is already in place. However, it can be supplemented by the teacher. " <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"
 <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Pacific West Coast Community College is an upcoming and dynamic post secondary institution that thrives on the quality education it provides for its students. Currently we have the following positions available: "
"

P/T CDA w/ortho module req 2 days/wk to start followed by F/T 4 days/wk in 6 months. Sats req. Must have 1-2 years ortho CDA exp & 5 star customer service skills. Will be doing all ortho CDA duties. Some travel req between multiple offices. Interviewing now.  Please email resume and cover letter to coquitlambraces@gmail.com"
"

Oxford Learning Centre, North Vancouver, is looking for teachers who are passionate, dedicated and dynamic. We are in need of tutors to teach children in primary grades in both English and Math. Oxford Learning offers individual support to students looking to improve their academic skills and study habits. Most of our programs are structured, so we ask for a commitment from our students and teachers. We have excellent resources which ensures that the teachers have ready materials for teaching. We will train you in our innovative teaching methods. " <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"

OUTSIDE SALES REP"
"

Outside Sales"
" job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
 heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
Our Richmond client is seeking a Payroll Clerk/ADP Specialist to join their team. This role is Temporary and our client would like for someone to start as soon as possible. "
"

Our marketing firm has openings for sales personnel. Good sales personnel can make well over $1000 a week. "
"

Our Lower Mainland client is currently seeking a CLASS ONE DRIVER for 100 Mile House! You must have 2 years commercial driving experience as well as a three year clean drivers abstract with NO accidents. " cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
"

Our Financial service Team  is in need of a highly motivated Sales/Admin Offier. We are looking for individuals who possess the following qualities: "
"

Our company is right now looking for a full-time (40 hours per week) reproduction/photocopier expert to join our fast growing company. "
"
 job@j76cw.com
Our company is a Medical clinic doing research in the area of Hepatitis.  We are looking for an assistant with excellent command for English.  Applicant must be able to look at data and provide and write up comprehensive reports based on information you would have attained from Software packages.  The applicant should have a Masters or B Sc. in Statistics or Behavioral Sciences.  This is a part time  position and may be attractive to someone doing a part-time Masters in Statistics or equivalent.  Must be able to meet tight deadlines and to think independently.  If you think this job is for you, please do not hesitate to reply by email." winnie-li24@hotmail.com
" servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca

Our client is currently requiring a Family Law LAA to join their team to work in a professional and busy Richmond law firm, starting ASAP until Christmas."
"

Our client is a highly successful corporation in the real estate industry.  They are currently seeking an Accounant for their North Vancouver location. This is a newly created role due to the growth they are experiencing. " resumes@fraserway.com
"

Our busy and growing ESL school, inlingua Vancouver, is looking for a professional and friendly person to join our sales and marketing team as a Korean Marketer/Counsellor. "
"

One of leading test-prep institutes is inviting top-notch teachers in the following areas; Math (Calculus AB, BC), Chemistry, Physics (B, C), Biology, Economics (Micro, Macro), History (World, European) "
"

On behalf of our client we are seeking a .NET Developer for a 2-month contract.  "
"

On behalf of our client in the Lower Mainland, TRS Contract Consulting Groupis looking for a Project Manager for a 6 month contract opportunity with the possibility of extension."
"

On behalf of our client in the Lower Mainland, TRS Contract Consulting Group is looking for a SharePoint Developer  for a short contract opportunity."
" alder-medical.clinic@telus.net

On behalf of our client in the Lower Mainland, TRS Contract Consulting Group is looking for a Senior Project Manager with experience working with ERP Financial Systems for an 8 month contract opportunity with the possibility of an extension."
"
 ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
OGPlanet (www.ogplanet.com) is an online game publisher that specializes in high-quality, downloadable, Free-to-Play casual online multiplayer games. "
"

Office space in 24 hour 45,000 sq. foot fitness facility for rent. Ideal for a registered massage therapist. Reception and all support is provided as well as internet, hydro, marketing support, website support. Great for the right entrepreneur. We have over 2000 members to draw from. Rent can be negotiated."
"

Office space in 24 hour 45,000 sq. foot fitness facility for rent. Ideal for a registered massage therapist. Reception and all support is provided as well as internet, hydreo, marketing support, website support. Great for the right entrepreneur. We have over 2000 members to draw from. Rent can be negotiated."
" victor at goldsgymbc dot ca

Office & Membership Administrator "
"

NW Wholesale Florists requires 2 distributors. You will be working with sales staff and the production dept, as well as picking, processing and packing floral orders for retail customers. Floral knowledge and experience is an asset. Mon-Thurs with 35-40 hrs/week. Must have good communication skills in english, have high work ethics, and a positive attitude for working in a team environment. Fax your resume to 604-430-1575 or email to nwwf@shawbiz.ca "
" contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com

NW Wholesale Florists requires 2 distributors.  You will be working with sales staff and the production dept,  as well as picking, processing and packing floral orders for retail customers.  Floral knowledge and experience is an asset.  Mon-Thurs with 35-40 hrs/week.  Must have good communication skills in english, have high work ethics, and a positive attitude for working in a team environment. Fax your resume to 604-430-1575 or email to nwwf@shawbiz.ca"
"

Not looking for your regular personal trainer.  We are looking for an entrepreneur who is over paying their current gym, not getting a fair cut or looking to build up clientelle."
"

Nordica Photography is looking for an experienced wedding photographer to begin work as soon as possible. "
" cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
 heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
No organization in Canada can match the Canadian Cancer Society&#65533;s record in fighting cancer. From the discoveries of research to the reduction of cancer mortality rates, the Canadian Cancer Society has literally changed the cancer landscape. However the Canadian Cancer Society would not be at the forefront, leading the way in getting cancer on the agenda of all Canadians, if it were not for the dedication and help of the many hands and hearts of our volunteers. "
" dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com

New Generations Early Learning Center  is accepting resumes with a cover letter for a position working with infants and toddlers. "
" sf2605 at gmail dot com
 <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
need owner operator with tractor for bc alberta,and some usa for dry van work.paid by miles " Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
"

NEED CLASS 1 DRIVER TO RUN CANADA AND USA AND NEED CLASS 1 DRIVER TO RUN BC TO ALBERTA AND BC MUST HAVE A ONE YEAR EXPERINCE PLZ FAX RESUME AND ABBSTRACT TO 604-870-3574 or email" info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
"

NEED CLASS 1 DRIVER TO RUN CANADA AND USA AND NEED CLASS 1 DRIVER TO RUN BC TO ALBERTA AND BC  MUST HAVE A ONE YEAR EXPERINCE PLZ FAX RESUME AND ABBSTRACT TO 604-568-9126"
"

Necessary Skills:"
"

National Speakers Bureau is Canada&#65533;s largest speakers bureau representing high-profile Canadians, industry leaders, former politicians, athletes, celebrities and corporate trainers.  We are expanding and have an opening for an Account Executive in our Vancouver office."
"

Nanny needed for 2 children.  Full-time and live out (preferred).  Child care mainly needed for a preschooler.  Housekeeping involved and meal preparation. Job starts in January."
"

Molly Maid Richmond, is accepting applications for part time/on call professional cleaners."
" careers@contacservices.com
 Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
Mobile phones Sales Consultant required Immediately"
"

Minimum Requirements of Job: (ie. if you do not have all of the following, please do not apply)"
"

Minimum 3 years experience"
"

Min. 3-5 yrs commercial exp./ G12/ Prep. & cook authentic Japanese menu item/ Ensure food quality & portion control/ Develop & create menu/ Skills at dealing with kitchen & staff/ Train & instruct cooks/ speaking Korean is an asset/ Perm. F/T $19.00/hr 40 hrs/wk Send resume: ydoyasushi@gmail.com or 1350 56 Street Delta, BC V4L 2A4" <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
" heidi_at_managing_dot_ca

Medical secretary for doctors office"
"

Math tutors - must be able to teach grades 9 - 12 Math & Calculus, min. 1st yr University."
"

Marqui Solutions Inc. is looking for a full-time Web Developer."
"
 <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Market Merchant Job Description"
"

Manufacturer seeks Level 2 first aid attendent for shipping position in busy wood products facility. This is a key position which requires a high degree of detail, organized nature and the ability to work to deadlines. Must be computer literate and able to work co-operatively in a team based work environment. Previous shipping experience is not required if you have a valid Level 2 certificate and possess the previously mentioned characteristics."
"

Male quadriplegic looking for part time assistant for basic help including light meal prep, errands, exercise, and shopping. Late morning/early afternoon only. Car required. $12.50/hr cash."
" sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com

Maintenance Supervisor - Mechanical or Electrical"
" <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
 maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
Maintenance Manager "
"
 applications@plan.ca
maids wanted by local house cleaning company. must be bondable. $10 to start. Apply today & start tomorrow " childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
" job@j76cw.com
 sf2605 at gmail dot com
maids wanted by local house cleaning company. must be bondable. $10 to start. Apply today & start tomorrow "
"

Maharaja Restaurant located  at 407-8148- 128th Street in Surrey, BC  require the following:" Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
"

Macinhome is an energetic, young, Mac-specialized IT consulting company with an established and loyal client base. " info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
"

LOVE TO CLEAN? LOVE MEETING NEW PEOPLE? WANTED Hard Working, Experienced Residental Cleaners. We are a Very Fun and Hard Working Team...We Have PART TIME OR FULL TIME.We need Hard Working, Friendly, Detailed Cleaners to join us and we are open 7 Days a week 8am to 6pm...Must be flexable with shifts and having a car to get from job to job as an asset. We cover Gas Top of Wage (Start is between 11.85 to 13.85 per hour based on experience). "
"
 steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
Looking for telemarketers to contact business's around the Lower Mainland. "
"
 salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
Looking for studio with Green Screen. Low budget, looking for weekend use. Thanks."
"

Looking for someone with knowledge of the new updated Wordpress. This is to help me start my own blog/WS and showing me the tools to go off on my own. I am a newbie at this, so patience will need to be asked from the tutor. I have a very basic understanding, so getting started from the beginning will be helpful. If you think you have the patience and want to make a little cash on the side, please email me with a mini-bio. I can compensate $15 per hour including lunch or dinner at a local eatery or coffee shop, depending on the time we meet. I am guessing a few hours or max of 4-5 hours to get me on my way. Hope to find someone with a good knowledge of WP, and don't mind sharing a fellow future blogger some tips on this fun hobby. A character with humor doesn't hurt either. Thx for looking." dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
"

Looking for someone who loves flowers. You will be selling flowers on the street at a flower kiosk downtown. "
"

Looking for someone who loves flowers. You will be selling flowers on the street at a flower kiosk downtown. "
"

Looking for skilled Tattoo artists who would be willing to come to Edmonton to earn good money and thrive in the industry up here.  I am looking for qualified and hard working people who are dedicated to their proffession.  Please enclose any qualifications and your experience within the industry. If you have any questions feel free to ask."
"

Looking for professonal host or hostess to work front of house."
"

Looking for person to carry out following duties."
" <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
 <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
looking for people to do stucco demo. Must be physically fit. Must have some knowledge in Construction field.  Applicants must have social insurance number."
"

Looking for male female models for tomorrrow " killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
" contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com

Laborer required with experience in construction using power tools."
" administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
 <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Job Title:VB6 Programmer / Developer"
"

JOB POSTING #253     RUSSELL HSG. CENTRE"
"

Job Opportunity "
"

Job Description"
"

Japanese Restaurant looking for part/full time servers with experienced "
"

ITFrontDesk is based in Nashville,TN and has customers throughout the US and Canada. Check out our products at www.itfrontdesk.com . Our products can be used by anyone who makes appointments and our customer list includes, but is not limited to: "
"
 chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
Is your deck need of repair?  or maybe you want to replace it?  I have over 15 years experience.  Quality installation, supreme looks, and i stand behind my work.  Get the job done before the big winter comes!"
"

Ironworker required for a structural steel installation.  Must have 5 years experience installing structural steel. You must have a current valid CWB all position ticket.   This is a full time position at various job sites throughout Metro Vancouver."
"

inlingua Vancouver, a busy and growing ESL school is looking for a professional and friendly person to join our sales and marketing team as a Korean Marketer/Counsellor. " <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"
 <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Implementation Consultants Ref# 10-164                                                                                                       " job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
"

Immediate opening at busy wide format digital print shop in Richmond.  Experience a definite asset, but willing to train the right person. "
"

I'm looking for a manager/ investor to operate a coffe shop/deli on the drive"
"
 coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
Ideally  5 days a week 2/3 hours per day starting 8.00 am. ,but schedule is flexable.Duties include house cleaning,basic cooking/laundry and ironing.References Reqired." contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
" josie.bradley@bclupus.org

ICBC Valet Express Shop in Burnaby requries a fourth year apprentice or journyman with ticket." <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"

I&#65533;m a 32 yr old man living with cerebral palsy looking for part time independence facilitators. My personal interests include music, computer supported interactive activities and socializing with my friends. I need help with communication, socializing, facilitating independence and personal care at home and in the community. This position does include lifting at this time.  "
"
 <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
I would like to find someone COMPATIBLE who wants to live with me in my 3 bedroom waterfront condo for FREE* in return for DAILY motivation, advice, and accompaniment to gym for ONE YEAR.  You get your own PRIVATE bedroom and washroom.  Heat, hot water, electricity, in-suite laundry, and basic cable INCLUDED.  You would NOT receive any payment." nwwf@shawbiz.ca
" bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com

I need a math tutor that lives in surrey and can work with me for 2 hours a day tuesday and thursday"
"

I know hey!"
"
 administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
I have a cakePHP script. I need someone to teach me how to install it on shared hosting."
" mgurumet at futureshop dot com

I am selling my 2004 freightliner tractor with job. route is hauling wood products from BC to WASHINGTON & OREGON states with SUPER B trailers"
"

I am looking for someone with a Class 1 Driver License who can drive a dump truck with a pony."
"

I am looking for female masseuse to provide body massage in a residence. "
"

I am just building my portfolio on portraits. You will get a chance of professionally photographed. "
" contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com

Hours: Permanent, Full Time (40 hours/week) we offer part time too "
"

Hotel / Furnished Apartments rental office is currently looking for a university student experienced in copyrighting to update social media including Facebook and Twitter accounts, build content and respond to online comments and feedback from our customers."
"

Honest, Reliable, Hardworking person (prefer Tagalog speaking) for House Cleaning position. Must have clean record, vehicle and references. Previous experience an asset."
"

Home Support Worker Saturdays day shift from 9 am to 5:30 pm  for medical leave, with possible on call too."
"

High profile corporation is holding executive meetings over the course of several days, primarily in the downtown core.  We are seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant with current experience doing minutes at executive level meetings.  Verbatim (shorthand) is not required but you must have done something similar in the recent past at a professional level (ie. government, corporate board meetings).  The meetings are in small groups of 5-6 people and will be held at hotels at the New West Quay, the Pinnacle on the North Shore and the Shangri-La in Downtown Vancouver.  The format is generally taking minutes from 10am to 11:45,  afternoon session from 1:00 to 2:45.  Some days will start at 8 am.  Client would like the same person for all the meetings in all 3 locations.  Dates are Nov. 16-17-18 (Tues-Thurs) and Nov. 23-24-25 (Tues-Thurs).  Only candidates with strong minute taking experience should apply - other resumes will not be considered.   Laptop and parking all provided." nwwf@shawbiz.ca
" <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

Hi, we just finished renovations,and need somebody to vacuum, sweep, wipe down the whole house etc.  You are to provide all your cleaning materials and equipment.  I will pay you $10 extra for stuff like liquids, solvents, etc.  Rate will be $12/hour "
"

Hi! "
"

Hi we are a family of four( two adults and two children 5 and 1) in n delta and are looking for a live in nanny or checking for other options. the position will start in march please call if you want more information 604-825-5422."
"

Hi there, Im a well rounded Handyman.  "
"

Hi" resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
"

hey this is navpreet. if you need a baby sitter you can contact to me. i am available any time. and i can punjabi as well. but if you need help in any other course upto grade 7. you can contact to me @ 604 338 7834. thanks"
"

Hey there, come work at shearwater"
"

Help us supply articles for our customers by becoming a writer at The Content Authority.  You will need a good grasp of the English language and use proper grammar and spelling.  Earn extra income and get paid on a weekly basis!  In order to apply, click on the following link:  http://thecontentauthority.com/application-writers.php"
"
 maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
Hello. I am a licensed electrical contractor that does work for a Western Canadian chain. I have a store coming up in Saskatchewan in a few weeks and another is Salmon Arm in January. The work is primarily surface emt from a 12 foot ladder. I would like someone who is reliable, good at what you do, safe, capable of limited supervision and willing to go out of town. Each store takes about 10-12 days working together at 10-12 hours/day. The stores aren't back to back, however I have a commercial building in North Van that is 98 years old that you can work at in between jobs. A bit of everything to do there, so if you are handy and willing and like this kind of work than please get in touch."
"

Helena Hair Salon on 15th Street on Lonsdale is Hiring a Hair Dresser! "
"
 <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Health and Nutrition Sales Consultant "
"

Health and Nutrition Sales Consultant "
"

Have you worked as a programmer in a credit union or bank?" bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
"
 info@wespacelectric.com
Have you sold travel packages before? We want you! You've worked with the rest, now work with the best! "
"

Hard - Working, Honest, Reliable Residental Cleaners Needed for a Busy Cleaning Team*****Part -Time or Full Time - Position can also grown into a Supervisor One as well. "
"
 killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Guess by Marciano is hiring the holiday's at Oakridge Mall. "
"
 gary at quayproperty dot net
Greater Vancouver Community Services Society is currently looking for Casual Community Health Workers with the right combination of compassion, skills and dedication to assist our clients, including seniors and individuals with physical and mental disabilities. "
"

Greater Vancouver Community Services Society (GVCSS) is looking for a Full-time Licensed Practical Nurse to provide training and supervision to Community Health Workers in our Home Support Program.  GVCSS is a non-profit society that offers support services in the homes of eligible clients who have difficulty looking after themselves due to age, illness, or disabilities."
" CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com

Great Money & Atmosphere!!! " <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"

GREAT CAREER OPPORTUNITY FOR THE RIGHT PERSON:"
"

Grade 7 English & ESL Tutor Required"
"

Gold's Gym fitness club in Richmond is interviewing and accepting applicnats for Sales consultant position to join our dynamic team."
"

Golden Boy Foods is a leading producer, marketer, and distributor of a wide variety of mainly private label food products, focused on healthier food categories and servicing both the U.S. and Canada. Products produced at our facility include baking and snacking nuts, raisins and other dried fruits. "
"

Go at your own speed.  Best value for the money.  $500 for the full course.  We prepare you with condensed notes, evening tutorials and practice exams.  With our material you will not have to even read the 1,000 page course book.  Call Sandra at 604-939-6666 to receive more information on our upcoming course schedule." ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
"
 mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
Go at your own speed.  Best value for the money.  $500 for the full course.  We prepare you with condensed notes, evening tutorials and practice exams.  With our material you will not have to even read the 1,000 page course book.  Call Sandra at 604-939-6666 to receive more information on our upcoming course schedule."
"

General Contractor and Construction Manager with 25 years of providing exceptional construction services in BC, "
"

FUTURE SHOP - WEST VANCOUVER - CAREER FAIR "
" <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->

FUTURE SHOP - SEASONAL - WEST VANCOUVER " mhr85@shaaw.ca
"

Funky and Edgy new Yaletown restaurant opening soon!!  " victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
" childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org

Fundraiser needed for Documentary Film project with established independent director. We need someone who is passionate about women's rights, has an intrest in film, a creative thinker and would also be able to plan to fundraising events as well as regular fundraising efforts. Experience is helpful but not required. We are looking for someone to join a dedicated and passionate team . Compensation would be commision basis. So please send your resume, and a cover letter telling us about why your interested in the role and why you'd make a great part of our team!" mhr85@shaaw.ca
"
 jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Full time receptionist needed to work at a friendly laid back office. Looking for someone that is organized and can multi task. Need at least one year dental experience to apply for this position."
"

Full time or Contract Opportunity" alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
"

Full time automotive service writer position is available. Applicant must have a minimum of two years customer service experience. Automotive service experience is required. Canadian Tire offers competitive wages, medical and dental, profit sharing, staff discount and more.  Applicant must be willing to work weekends. Please send all resumes to above email address. Please no phone calls regarding this posting."
"

Friendly, mature individuals needed for house cleaning in Vancouver and Burnaby area for new cleaning company. "
" jobs at autoboxmedia dot com

Fraserway RV, Canada&#65533;s leading RV company with locations coast-to-coast, is seeking a Service Manager for our Delta Location.  " ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
"
 killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Framing contractor requires small crew to frame detached garage in Vancouver. Dimensions are 24 X 24 with 2 windows and door. Ideal for 2 skilled framers or small crew looking to fill an opening in their schedule. Contract price $1000 + HST. Reply to email above for more information."
"

Four Days Per Week, Eight Hours Per Day"
" resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com

FIDO is a great place to work. You can see it in our team members. The diversity of the FIDO team and their unique contributions sets us apart from the competition. Our success is based as much on our future friendly team as the innovative internet, voice, data and wireless products and solutions we offer. "
" jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com

FIDO is a great place to work. You can see it in our team members. The diversity of the FIDO team and their unique contributions sets us apart from the competition. Our success is based as much on our future friendly team as the innovative internet, voice, data and wireless products and solutions we offer. " gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
"

fast paced environment/ good customer skills needed/ service and hospitality experience preferably/ multitasking ability/ teamwork skills needed/ committed, honest organized person/ responsible and reliable/ flexible hours"
"

Fast paced environment / kitchen skills needed / team work / committed / hard worker / responsible / honest and organized worker" careers_at_pcis_dot_com
"

Fast growing pet care company is looking for a full-time worker who can do part-time management work."
"

F/T CDA with light receptionist duties required for progressive W. Broadway office.  Must be friendly, team player, quick learner, self-motivated with good social and communication skills.  Office hours 4-5 days a week from 8-5, no weekends. Must have at least one year experience.  Please e-mail Resume to: wbroadwaydental@gmail.com or to link above,  Thank you."
"

F/T CDA needed for very new state of the art dental office w/ computer charting & the works.  Must be fluent in english & have interest in oral surgery.  Schedule incl 2 evenings per wk and 2 Sat/month to start. Might incl more Sat later. For now office is open Tues - Fri (with a couple of Sat) and in the future will be open Mon to Sat.  Pls forward resume w/ cover letter. The right candidate will have training provided. Very close to major bus routes, free parking and shops nearby."
"

Express Employment Professionals in Delta/ Richmond is recruiting for our Vancouver client for an In-House/ Field Service Technician for food related equipment.   He/ she will be performing repairs to equipment as required and providing customers with guidance as to the operation and maintenance of their equipment.   This is a long term permanent position, not a short term position."
"

Experienced signmaker wanted for growing Port Coquitlam sign company. Minimum 5 years sign industry experience. "
"

Experienced Pro Shop attendant required Part time -  leading to full time"
"

Experienced Chef/Kitchen manager required promptly for trendy new proprietary restaurant opening soon in Chilliwack. This would be an incredible opportunity for the right individual who wants to create and convert their passions into awesome, over the top cuisine. "
" servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
 killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Experience Great! No Experience, No Problem!! "
" mgurumet at futureshop dot com
 <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Experience at Reconciliations and calculations for individual property management accounts. "
"

EXP'D PARTS COUNTER SALES PERSON Needed. Must have excellent computer knowledge and be able to work in a fast paced environment. Must be a friendly and outgoing team player. Customer service skills must be excellent. "
" gary at quayproperty dot net

EXPANSION!! BRAND NEW LOCATION "
"
 sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
Excellent opportunity for an experienced salon consultant/beauty supply rep.  Sales experience in the beauty industry an asset."
"

Excavating company requires experienced pipe layers....please have experience in Sanitary, Storm and Waterline"
"

Estetician required with exp( must know threading) start $13/hr ,call 604-767-7283."
"

Entry level Sales and Marketing. No experience necessary. Must have a desire to introduce innovative HEMP Products to a prospective audience. "
" careers at securiguard dot com

Entry level position available for a junior parts man, in a growing import dealership. Automotive knowledge and computer experience an asset. Please submit resume. "
"

Entry Level Marketing Positions"
" <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

Electrical company looking to hire a journeyman electrician with knowledge of fire alarm systems "
" heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
 jobs at blackbearpub dot com
Due to rapid growth, we currently have several openings for the role of Financial Services Representative. This is a self-employment opportunity. The successful candidates will build their own financial practice through networking and establishing long-term relationships with clients by helping their customers achieve their financial goals. The focus is on financial planning - both risk management and wealth accumulation. "
"
 gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Due to growth! this busy, well established company located in Tilbury Industrial Park(Delta), requires a Sales Order Desk/CSR with MACHINING experience. Company boasts many long-term staff. "
" sitar8_at_telus_dot_net

Drywall Installer With tools"
"
 <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Downtown food court store is looking for a kitchen helper to work from 6:30am-1:00pm, Monday to Saturday. " bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
"

Documentary film by established independent film maker is looking for a fundraiser who will also be needed to plan to fundraising events. This position is one where you will work from home in connection with others working on project. Compensation will be a percentage of all funds raised. This position is excellent for someone who is looking for more experience in either the film industry or event planning/ fundraising industry. Please send resume and cover letter to above craigslist email. Thank you."
"

Do you need a change? We need a Hairstylist!" maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
"

DO YOU HAVE YOUR FORKLIFT CERTIFICATION?"
"

Direct Promotions & Customer Service"
"

Dick&#65533;s Lumber in Burnaby is looking for a detail oriented, professional and experienced individual to join our team as a Replenisher Clerk. "
"

Details: Middle Beach Lodge is seeking a hard working, self motivated and disciplined person to fill the position of Kitchen manager on the Wild West Coast. This unique position requires applicant to have background in cooking and front of house but also ability to fill in other management roles at lodge especially during the off season."
"
 wb45@wokbox.ca
Description: Our client located in Vancouver is looking for an experienced SharePoint administrator to join their team on a permanent basis."
"
 service@derosaauto.ca
Delta company is looking for a permanent full-time Payroll Manager to join their team.  "
"

Darchin Grill+Bar is looking for highly skilled,and professional servers, and a bartender, and hostess. A true desire to satisfy the needs of our customers in a fast paced environment, and refined verbal communication skills is a must.At Datchin we strive to create an unforgettable dining experience for our patrons. "
"

Danube European Restaurant is looking for P/T Line Cook. "
"

DANUBE - European Restaurant has opening for a P/T dishwasher /Kitchen Helper for weekends only."
"
 ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
Currently recruiting for a Temp Payroll Assistant for one of our clients in downtown Vancouver. Hours: 7AM - 3PM or 7:30AM - 3:30PM (need to be flexible for occasional 6AM start). 40 hours per week"
"

Currently looking for Marketing Business Development staff. This is a home-based business. It is suitable for those who are looking to earn extra income. This is a great opportunity to earn potential income without paying any training course or any hidden cost ! We train you and provide all information and equipments you need. No need to do cold calls ! The office is in Vancouver, BC" dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
"
 resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
Currently hiring for the position of food equipment tech. Experience an asset but will seriously consider some one with some mechanical and/or electrical experience." info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
"
 gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Cultured Marketing Manager,"
" mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca

Coquitlam Pub is looking for experience manager."
"

Cook for fast food Chinese operation. Must be reliable and have experience." minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
"

Control Room Operator" mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
"

Configuration Management Analyst Ref# 10-163                                                                                                       "
"

Confident Cleaner Needed Now!!!) "
"
 <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Concord Security Corporation is actively looking for new employees for it's growing team! We are currently offering positions at these types of locales:"
" <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->

Computer parts distributor looking for individual (s) to sell and market our unique computer accessories. Must be fluent in English. Computer hardware knowledge is preferred. Second language is an asset. Cold calls will be required. We have the tangible products for you to sell and market. Please forward resume with covering letter on the body of email. "
"

Compassionate, experienced, qualified, and certified care giver available full-time or part-time daily, evenings, or live-in to help in your home with companionship, mobility, homemaking, meal preparation, and personal care. Very competitive rate." <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"

Commune Cafe is hiring! "
"

Colour Time Printing and Digital Imaging is seeking a Digital Production Specialist to join our team." winnie-li24@hotmail.com
"
 Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
Coffee shop in downtown Vancouver has vacancy for experienced baristas. If you have a flexible and fully open schedule (specially all month of December) to take different shifts in the morning, afternoon or evening during the week and weekends, are fluent in English language and have previous working experience (6 months or more) in a coffee shop with manual espresso machine, we want to hear from you. Hours are from 7 am to 7 pm daily. " mgurumet at futureshop dot com
"

COBS Bread Kerrisdale is looking for a dynamic, energetic, go getter to join our sales team.  We are one of the busiest COBS in the country and our store has a great fast paced and exciting atmosphere.  We are looking for a people person who can compliment our already strong team.  Please include a resume and cover letter with your response or apply in person to Mike before 10 am Wednesday thru Sunday."
"

CNC Operator"
"

Cleaning and Some Childcare" mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
" sf2605 at gmail dot com
 childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
CityXpress is a leading supplier of innovative programs designed to deliver compelling value to media companies and advertisers. "
"

Chilliwack/ Abbotsford- Help consumers get their home ready for the Holidays! Novemeber-December!"
"

Chief Compliance Officer Position Available Immediately"
"

Chef needed for FINE DINING RESTAURANT to work for full time " winnie-li24@hotmail.com
"

Character Designer / Illustrator / Toys Toys Toys"
" hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca

CDA WITH Orthodontic Module needed for mat leave starting Jan 2011.  Monday-Thursday and one Saturday a month.  Must have 2 years exp. We are looking for a CDA with a great attitude and excellant work ethics.  Please forward resume along with cover letter and any supporting references."
"

CCL is currently looking for a happy motivated barista." killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
"

Carter&#65533;s OshKosh "
"

Carpenter required for new construction and renovation.Must have transportation and basic power tools."
"
 coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
Capers Whole Foods Market is the ongoing creation of a talented team of passionate, conscientious and community-minded folks. We're keen to learn together, foster relationships and help our neighbours discover and enjoy the healthy benefits of local, organic products and ideas. We enjoy quietly (sometimes not so quietly) breaking new ground in customer and community service. "
"

Canada's largest 100% Canadian owned Building Maintenance Company is currently seeking highly motivated Cleaners for work in North Vancouver. We currently need two part-time employees, or one full-time employee to work Monday through Friday. Although not required, preference will be given to candidates with proven cleaning experience. This is an exciting opportunity to enter into an established industry and respected company. " careers at securiguard dot com
"

Canada's largest 100% Canadian owned Building Maintenance Company is currently seeking a highly motivated Cleaner for work in Port Coquitlam. This position is for the night shift, Monday through Friday from 10pm until 7am. Although not required, preference will be given to candidates with proven cleaning experience. This is an exciting opportunity to enter into an established industry and respected company. "
"

Can someone sell me a copy of the program they have built for oodle.com? It needs to send queries to meet the search requests and work with my mysql database and the site is built in php. Thanks, Calen. I want a warranty for at least 6 months that it will work or you will fix glitches for the price I pay originally. The code should notes in it so another developer can figure it out if need be. I don't need source code just a one time fee license to use it with no renewal fees. I don't want anyone to build it from scratch. It also needs to work with our email notification and gps locate tool."
"
 salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
Calling Residential Homes for Gutter Cleaning Company."
"

call 7787720601 mike or email us."
"

Busy, clean and well run repair shop looking for technicians. Monday to Friday (8:00am &#65533; 5:30pm). Over 30 years in business, BCAA Certified,  BBB & ARA Members.  Applicants must have your own tools and a desire to make money&#65533;&#65533; Experience and a positive attitude is a must. Top pay in the industry. We love what we do and we want more people on our team that love to help others with their vehicles. Want to work with the best shop on the North Shore? www.derosaauto.ca"
"
 chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
Busy Rheumatology office is seeking Part-Time Medical Receptionist."
" salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com

Busy growing company looking for an individual to join our company. "
"

Busy Greek Restaurant in Ladner recruiting experienced Servers.   Looking for team players comfortable in a fast-paced environment.  Must have previous restaurant experience and own transportation."
"

Busy drywall company seeking willing individuals for a general labor position. Duties include general swamping and riding with the truck driver to pick up material. Must be able to lift heavy objects."
"

Busy drywall company seeking experienced drywall finishers for immediate work. Motivated and reliable individuals only please as this may lead to future opportunities. We are a team oriented company with a positive attitude and therefore expect the same from applicants. Own transportation an asset." <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"

Busy aggregate hauling company, based out of Coquitlam, is hiring drivers for on-call work. " service@derosaauto.ca
"

Busy aggregate company has an opening for a General & Civil Construction Estimator. Marine Experience would be very helpful. "
"

Business Analyst for Credit Union needed"
"

BroadbandTV (BBTV) is a media & technology company (with Headquarters located in Vancouver, BC) that creates compelling distribution and monetization opportunities for its content partners, and income generation opportunities for its network and advertising partners.  To achieve the above goals, we have employed various multimedia search algorithms to find user-uploaded copies of videos on popular platforms such as YouTube.  "
"

Brentwood Florists located in Brentwood Town Centre is looking for an experienced floral designer/Sales Associate  "
"

Boston Pizza New West is looking for experienced hosts to join our outstanding team! The ideal candidate will be able to work well in a fast paced environment, be outgoing and proffesional, and most importantly have that winning personality. " dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
"

Beehive Holdings "
"

BC&#65533;s leading organic and fair-trade coffee company is now hiring Baristas for its Main St. location. If you're passionate about a great cup of coffee, have superior customer service skills and work well with a team, we would like to her from you.  Barista skills a definite asset, but will train."
"

BC based company (http://mills.ca/about-us.html) seeking an IT professional to help with internal customers (staff) and external customers."
" sitar8_at_telus_dot_net

Based in Richmond, B.C. software development company is looking for the intermediate QA engineer who will be responsible for testing our web and mobile applications. The successful candidate will be able to use various techniques to generate comprehensive test cases; and be adept at quickly finding problems and documenting them in well-written defect reports. It is a full-time permanent position."
" chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com

AVAILABLE POSITION "
" chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca

Autobox Media is seeking applications from intermediate PHP developers for a short-term (3-6 month) contract. "
" chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com

Attention Students"
"
 job@j76cw.com
As a department leader, the manger will offer guidance, coaching and assistance to team of direct reports and department to deliver a consistent exemplary customer service and satisfaction in the most efficient and effective manner. This position will be involved with all aspects of department planning, coordinating and scheduling to meet customer needs and company goals."
"

Armitage & Associates Chiropractic Group is located in the heart of Kitsilano, and has been serving this community for over 22 years. We specialize in the diagnosis and treatment of muscle and joint pain syndromes and sports related injuries using evidence based treatment procedures and protocols.  Armitage & Associates sees a wide variety of patient population, from the recreational athlete to the Olympic level competitor, and we are always accepting new patients.  We offer a well established, high volume office with exceptional room for growth, self-direction and practice building alongside the doctors and office staff. "
"

Are you working towards a career in Food Service?"
" maharajacatering@yahoo.ca

Are you tired of working nights?"
"

Are you looking for a Fun and EXCITING new way to earn extra money and expand your social network? We may have the opportunity for you! "
"

Are you a style-savvy web marketer? Are you a keen, details-oriented event planner?"
"

Aquae Sulis Holistic Spa is looking to hire a Part Time Esthetician and Receptionist . " wb45@wokbox.ca
"

Applicants will work with students in small groups of 2-4, facilitating the development of their ESL conversation/writing/listening.  Applicants are to establish a friendly, enjoyable atmosphere conducive to learning, while maintaining academic standards."
"
 resume_at_studentyardworks_dot_com
Applicant must have minimum 5 years fully licensed experience and be skilled in scan tool/lab scope diagnostics.  Aircare and Provincial Inspectors certificates are an asset. Applicant must have their own tools. Canadian Tire offers competitive wages, medical and dental, profit sharing, staff discount and more. Applicant must be willing to work weekends. Please send all resumes to above email address. Please no phone calls regarding this posting."
"

Apex Wireless is currently looking for a full-time administrative assistant."
"

Animation studio looking for an experienced Production Manager to lead the production team of a second season of an established 2D animated TV series."
" cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com

An established ESL school in Surrey is seeking a TOC to cover classes on an on-call basis. The TOC will cover teachers who are sick, have taken 1-2 days off, and may include longer (2-3 weeks) staff holidays. "
"

Amix Salvage & Sales, Surrey"
"
 killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Amix Salvage & Sales, Surrey"
"

Amix Salvage & Sales" info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
"

After School Tutoring Centre in Abbotsford is looking for a Englih and Math Tutor for Grade 1 to 7 ASP. The lessons are conducted at the centre after the regular school hours. You will be responsible for tutoring students in small groups. Monday to Thursday 4:00pm to 7:00pm."
"

Accounting Firm requires a receptionist /office admin person immediately on a full time basis.  Duties include reception. administrative duties, and light accounting duties.  Excellent opportunity for advancement."
"

Accounting & Administration Assistant -- 1 year contract"
"

Accountant recquired for Surrey/Delta Public Accounting Office. Must be a self starter. Fluency in English and Tamil recquired. Must have a thorough knowledge in Simply Accounting, Quick Books, Caseware/Caseview, Database Software, New views, Tax related softwares etc. "
"

Account Manager/Inside Sales/Estimating: "
" sf2605 at gmail dot com
 applications at plan dot ca
Accepting applications for Residential Youth Workers, shifts range from 24-72hrs."
" childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org

About us:"
" salesrep@itfrontdesk.com

About Tidal "
"

ABA therapist/tutor needed in the Abbotsford area to work one-to-one with our 5 year old child who has autism, in a home-based ABA program. "
"

A well established professional Electrical Contracting Company requires a highly organized and strongly driven Electrical Estimator."
"

A unique opportunity exists for service-oriented individuals interested in educating future salon professionals in Aveda products and techniques at the Aveda Vancouver Institute. This position will include preparing and teaching a curriculum to students that reflects current industry standards. The instructor will serve as a resource for all staff members and students while exemplifying strong leadership skills at the Aveda Institute. "
" service@derosaauto.ca

A large enterprise TEKsystems client is currently in need of a developer to join the team in order to update two proprietary applications. This is an ideal role for those who are looking for the opportunity to manage critical projects and gain exposure to new technologies. "
"

A great money-making opportunity. An exiting dynamic environment. The latest technology. Sounds good? Then Future Shop is the place for you. We've created a lively, high-energy workplace! Join our team and have some fun! " <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
" salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com

a full time experienced Dental Receptionist to start immidiately is needed in a north Vancouver office."
"
 careers at securiguard dot com
A dynamic and growing real estate office in Richmond has an immediate opening for two part-time Sales Assistants. "
"

A dynamic and growing real estate office in Richmond has an immediate opening for a part-time office assistant. "
"

A coffee shop is looking for manager trainee "
"

A 24 hours American style Restaurant hiring "
" <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
 careers@contacservices.com
." winnie-li24@hotmail.com
"
 <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
*Cactus Club Cafe employs EightSix Network to find job candidates and accepts applications online using 86network.com"
"

*Cactus Club Cafe employs EightSix Network to find job candidates and accepts applications online using 86network.com"
"
 jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
*Cactus Club Cafe employs EightSix Network to find job candidates and accepts applications online using 86network.com"
"

*** THIS IS NOT A SALARIED POSITION OR JOB ***"
" josie.bradley@bclupus.org

*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php " <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"

*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php "
"
 mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php"
"
 <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"
" jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
 <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"
"

" heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
"
 <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"
"

" cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
"

" contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
"

"
"

"
"
 sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
"
" <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->

" killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
"

"
"

"
"

"
"
 dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
"
"

" jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
"

" bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
" <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
 anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
"
" anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com

"
"

"
"

"
"

"
" alder-medical.clinic@telus.net

"
-Work on multiple design briefs to create inventive, demographically targeted graphics, illustrations and designs from initial through to final design concepts
- Willing to travel 3 or more times a year
- Willing to travel 3 or more times a year industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
We are located across from the Renfrew skytrain station.
Understanding of the importance of product & retail industry knowledge 
Understanding of the importance of product & retail industry knowledge 
Understanding of the importance of product & retail industry knowledge 
- Team management and human resource skills, including overseeing company&#65533;s performance/efficiency. 
- Strong Quality Assurance skills &#65533; able to review work and thoroughly test out the project to ensure all features are effectively working 
Strong organization skills 
Strong attention to details
- Strong academic background. If you have any standardized test score to prove, include it in your resume. We expect you to get over 90% of your major-related test. 
Strictly follow cutting marker as specified by the cutting manager
RESPONSIBILITIES
Requirements:
Requirements
Qualifications:
- Provide advice about merchandise, Provide cost estimates on products/services, 
Properly operate the manual cutting knife in order to cut fabrics and other materials accurately
- Promptly follow up on all e-mails &#65533; even if you can&#65533;t answer a question address key concerns 
Professionalism & strong communication skills 
Professionalism & strong communication skills 
Professionalism & strong communication skills 
Previous garment cutting experiences industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
- Positive, friendly and polite personality! hr_marqui@gmail.com
- Planning, scheduling and assigning of all maintenance activities &#65533; Mechanical and Electrical. 
- Planning &#65533; read over wireframes, understand project goals and objectives 
- part time or full time (must be able to work 3 shifts minimum with flexible availability)
Pacific Coast Information Systems team is looking forward to seeing your resume.
Other Requirements:  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Operate cutting knife according to company regulation and safety standard 
- notify supervisor of any items needing repair, or replacement; or of any incidents that occur
- Must possess a valid driver's license and with a good driving record.  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
Must have some experience in this work.
- Must have previous Children&#65533;s writing experiences for animated TV shows, preferably on a comedy or action based show
- Must have knowledge of Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, etc.). 
- Must have experience writing for the 6-9 age group, 11 minute episodes or equivalent
- Must have a valid BC driver's license and a safe driving record (5 years history with no accidents) acceptable to employer
- Must have 5 years of customer sales experience.  josie.bradley@bclupus.org
- Must be able to complete paperwork; Driver logbook, Vehicle Inspection Report (pre-trip/post-trip),   Maintenance and repair reports, Accident or incident reports  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
- Must attain P&C license within specified time period  maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
MS Windows Server 2008 2 - 4 years 
- Minimum of three (3) years of administrative experience
- Minimum of three (3) years of administrative experience careers at visioncritical dot com
- Minimum of +1 year of sales / marketing experience
- Minimum of +1 year of sales / marketing experience
- Mid 40K range
- Manage production meetings &#65533; send agendas in advance, work with clients to get feedback and implement changes 
- Manage all themeing &#65533; convert Photoshop files into cross browser html & CSS 
- make suggestions to your supervisor in how your position can be performed in a more efficient way (we're very open to hearing from you - we want to know how you can do the best job possible) <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Job Qualifications Include: 
Job Qualifications Include:  applications at plan dot ca
- Ideally, you will have 5 or more years of supervisory experience within a manufacturing facility as well as: sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
- Have experience with Windows 2003/2008 Servers, Active Directory (including internal and external DNS), virtualization technologies, Exchange 2003/2007/2010 as well as other solutions  resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
- have basic knowledge of the company and it's eco-friendly policies
- have a minimum of 3 years bar tending experience 
- have a minimum of 1 year restaurant experience 
- Grade 12 Diploma 
General facility repairs (HVAC, electrical, dock repairs, plumbing, material handling equipment, fire alarm, sprinkler systems, racking systems, etc), preventative maintenance, and project work will also be part of the everyday job. We are looking for a mature, hand&#65533;s on individual with a willingness to do whatever it takes to keep our facility operational.
- Gassfitter's License (Class B) hr_marqui@gmail.com
- Functionality &#65533; test logic and functionality to ensure that the sites are working according to the wire frames 
for active male living in the downtown area.
Experience with merchandising plans & inventory control 
Experience with merchandising plans & inventory control 
Experience with merchandising plans & inventory control 
email your resume or phone and leave a message info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Driven and Passionate - Whatever it takes to get the job done 
Driven and Passionate - Whatever it takes to get the job done  maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
Driven and Passionate - Whatever it takes to get the job done 
- Document code &#65533; document code and follow project management strategy  <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Cutter 
- Cross browser &#65533; test all projects on IE6 &#65533; 8, Firefox and Safari and on Macs and PCs 
- Creating all pertinent shipping documentation (FCC, MSDS, Cert of Origin, & B-13a&#65533;s) and arranging the shipment of goods to domestic and international customers 
- Continue to grow as a developer, learn about new technologies as they come up, and research different tools. Some sample ideas might include: 
- Content loading &#65533; loading all content for the sites 
- Consulting with Canada&#65533;s leading corporations, associations, meeting and
Commitment to exceptional customer service  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Commitment to exceptional customer service  info at deepssunshinecleaning dot com
Commitment to exceptional customer service 
- Browser compatibilities: Webkit, Mozilla, IE7-9 and graceful feature degradation
- ave a minimum of 3 years restaurant experience 
As a Journeyman Refrigeration Mechanic, you will conduct planned and preventative maintenance, installations and repairs for our valued clients. You will provide exceptional customer service, with an emphasis on quality workmanship and professionalism.  There will be occasional on-call responsibilities and overtime. Periodic travel may be required.
Arc&#65533;teryx hires on the basis of merit and is committed to Employment Equity.
- Able to travel to student's resident
- Able to take a Photoshop source file and translate it into a pixel perfect web site that works across browsers (IE, Firefox, Safari) and works across platform (PC & Mac).  wb45@wokbox.ca
- Able to commit to at least 6 months 
Ability to work independently  hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
Ability to set and achieve sales goals to maximize profitability 
Ability to set and achieve sales goals to maximize profitability 
Ability to set and achieve sales goals to maximize profitability 
- Ability to read existing 1001 Nights and Arabian Nights literature and interpret that into a relevant and modern comedy piece for children
- Ability to lead kids' activities 
Ability to lead and inspire a team of associates  applications@plan.ca
Ability to lead and inspire a team of associates 
Ability to lead and inspire a team of associates 
A minimum of 1 year of retail management experience 
A minimum of 1 year of retail management experience 
A minimum of 1 year of retail management experience 
- 6 months or more related experience resume_at_studentyardworks_dot_com
- 3-6 month training program starting with hostessing and then expediting
- 3-5 years RV service management experience with increasing level of responsibility careers at visioncritical dot com
- 3 year or more work experience in web design field.
2-5 Years experience, preferably in foodservice, with both client and agency side history maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
- 24 hrs and be on call. 
- 2 or more years experience developing Drupal web sites  minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
* Submitting annual reports to the board of directors, for the purpose of accessing compliance with securities legislation
* reporting to the ultimate designated person of the firm, if the firm or individual acting on its behalf, may be in non-compliance with securities legislation
* monitoring and assessing compliance by the firm, and individuals acting on its behalf, with securities legislation
* establishing and maintaining policies and procedures for assessing compliance by firm with securities legislation
*   Strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
*   Providing exceptional service to every customer and adhering to service standards
*   Proficiency in computer operations
*   Post Secondary education preferred but not essential
*   Multilingualism is an asset contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
*   Keeping the store and product/accessory displays clean, neat and organized
*   Experience in wireless or consumer electronics is an asset
*   Ensuring that any cash overages or shortages are reported according to company policy
*   Completing all company assigned training in a timely manner
*   Assisting management in organizing stockroom and managing inventory
*   Assisting in opening and closing the store according to established procedures
*   Actively selling to achieve or surpass assigned product and accessory sales goals
*   2+ years experience in retail with proven success achieving sales quota and customer satisfaction targets chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
&#65533; Basic computer and internet skills are a must 
&#65533; Basic computer and internet skills are a must 
&#65533;    A Level 2 apprentice or higher  
&#65533;    A Commercial Transport Mechanic&#65533;s ticket chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
- $10 per hour training if needed. 
We are looking for someone with a strong track record in either sales or management, but we are willing to train the right candidate with the right attitude.  Our management trainee&#65533;s make $40K-$60K their first year, and $70-$80K after that.  We have weekly training and follow up system and only promote from within based on performance, not seniority. 
We are looking for someone who is serious about their career.  They know that what they put into it they are going to get out of it.  They also know that the company they are looking for is well established.   They want a company that cares about their success, and is dedicated to personal growth, and professional development.  
-  Typing speed 40- 50 wpm nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Open to reflexology, physio, chiropracter etc...
- Exceptional communication skills on the phone 
- Excellent team-minded attitude/ Strong team player 
event planners to find the right speaker, trainer or entertainer for their event
American Income is a supplemental benefit provider for union members.  We strictly enforce no-prospecting. Positions within our company include:
Pacific Coast Information Systems is a leading provider of Information Technology Systems in Canada.  PCIS is pleased to be recruiting a Configuration Management Analyst for our client&#65533;s development team in Vancouver.   
Pacific Coast Information Systems is a leading provider of Information Technology Systems in Canada.  PCIS is pleased to be recruiting a Configuration Management Analyst for our client&#65533;s development team in Vancouver.   
industry
and our industry 
Past experience working in a restaurant
Hard working and enthusiastic
A passion for working with people
* Works collaboratively and effectively within a team of peers. Typically requires that incumbents attend work at the office and typically works during business hours (between 6 am to 5 pm) Monday through Friday.
* Working knowledge of management practices including providing meaningful and effective coaching, hiring, performance management and performance reviews is required.
* Resolves difficult client issues which can encompass contacting the client on a regular basis until issue is resolved, assigning a point of contact for the client and ensuring client is comfortable with the solutions provided.
* Requires very strong listening, verbal and written communication skills. Requires the ability to effectively manage tense or confrontational situations. Presentation ability and the ability to effectively lead meetings are required.
* Requires the ability to exercise discretion and make decisions without definitive guidance or direction. Ability to weigh pros and cons of decision and balance the needs to the individual/employee with the needs of the organization.
* Requires strong working knowledge of common desktop applications such as word processing applications, spreadsheets and database applications. Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
* Requires 8-10+ years experience in management, call center or service industry leadership and/or equivalent combination of education and experience. BA/BS or equivalent preferred.
* Provides feedback to management and works closely with other managers to develop and deploy department and company initiatives/projects.
* Protect company proprietary and confidential information
* Promotes and supports the Sage Principles on a daily basis.
* Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster.
* Prefer work experience in accounting, construction management, property management, estimating, MIS, software support or finance totaling three years or more.
* Please, no phone calls about this job!
* Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.
* Other duties as assigned
* Must have the ability to effectively work with and guide cross-functional teams in collaborative environment. The ability to effectively identify and partner with stakeholders and internal service providers and to aid in the resolution of conflicts is required.
* Manages the day-to-day activities of customer support staff. Monitors performance, surfaces and addresses performance issues, conducts performance reviews, provides staff with professional guidance and/or partners with staff in developing professional development plans and actively engages in the hiring process.
* Location: North Burnaby minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
* Directly assists staff with complex, contentious or particularly challenging calls. May participate in researching calls, responding to requests for information or requests for specialized support from clients.
* Demonstrated ability to respond effectively to multiple conflicting priorities, continuously prioritize and reprioritize deliverables and to respond to unexpected changes is required. administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
* Coordinates with other managers and operations to ensure that adequate staff is available on any given day to support call volumes.
* Constantly monitors front line and back line call volumes by working with Operations and with customer support staff to balance and deploy staff to cover peak call volumes.
* Compensation: $13 to start or depending on experience
* Actively quality monitors staff to help aide in their development.  Creates action plans for continued excellence and for improvement. Monitors progress and works to identify areas of difficulty in individual learning and to determine ways to provide additional coaching, mentoring or training.
* Ability to accurately interpret and apply Sage and departmental policy and procedures.
minimum wage + Good Tips (include tip you may get total $12~$23 per hour, depend on business.)  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
10~30 hours/week  gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
OR
must be able to work on Mondays 3:30p-7:30p & or Thursdays 3:30p-7:30p
Your responsibilities include:
Your qualifications.  &#65533; High School education &#65533; Certification in sports equipment service an asset &#65533; Knowledge of sporting equipment is essential; participation in sports an assest &#65533; Your dependable nature means you&#65533;re always on time and always ready to do your part &#65533; Excellent interpersonal skills.
your phone
Your main responsibilities include: <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Your cover letter is very important to us- tell us about your interests, hobbies and the things you like to do in your spare time  
Your claim to fame: a creative powerhouse with a mean aesthetic streak.
You&#65533;ve heard the news about the financial markets, but did you know that the demand for financial planners has never been higher and that Investors Group is continuing to grow and offer career opportunities? 
You would.........
You will provide office support to a team of realtors, provide superior customer service to clients, and work independently in a fast paced environment.
You will be working in the lower mainland (Richmond-Vancouver-Surrey-Coquitlam) area and must 
You will be responsible for:
You will be having fun while performing at events of your own choosing. We do not expect you to be available every weekend. Mainly weekends. We have the occasional weekday event. We also have events at other cities which you may choose to perform at for up to $400/event.  maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
You will be asked to work in 2.5 hour shifts on weekday afternoons, 1 to 2 days per week and you must be able to make a minimum 12 month commitment. You will also require your own reliable transportation and a criminal record check. 
YOU WILL BE : 
You should possess 
You should have  CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
You should enjoy working in a fast-paced environment and have experience in multi-tasking and prioritizing tasks. We require a strong team player who works well under pressure and has excellent interpersonal skills and holds:
YOU SHOULD BE/HAVE:
you provide, a positive attitude, eager to learn, eager to work, understanding of customer service, pride in your work, basic hand tools, steel toed work shoes required.
You noticed how a lot of the on line application they ask when you finished high school or graduated???  Reason being is because they are not allowed to ask your age.
You MUST:
You must:
You must have:
You must have excellent organization and planning abilities as well as strong communication skills with the ability to make balanced decisions in a timely manner; 
You must have a positive attitude, a willingness to learn, a high level of energy, a fun & creative side, good attention to detail and a desire to make a difference in the life of a child. You must also be great at play!!! This is a fun, challenging and rewarding position. 
You must be very energetic and able to manage your time well. 
You must be familiar with software applications such as Windows Server/antivirus/Citrix, Fortigate, Visual Basic, and SQL script.
You must be available evenings, weekends and Holidays.  Experience, knowledge of beer, wine, spirits is an asset.  Heavy lifting is required.  English is required, Mandarin/Cantonese is an asset.
You may contact me at:604-988-6008 jobs at blackbearpub dot com
You just found us. 
You have a diploma in Electrical Engineering Technology or Control Systems Technology, with a Power Option, or an Electronics Engineering Technician supplemented by a couple of years related experience in a production or industrial environment, and have a good understanding of 3-phase power. You are highly organized, precise and detail-oriented, and, ideally, have experience interacting with customers. You are a self-starter and have a can-do attitude. 
You enjoy sales and service, following current events, and learning something new everyday.  You are well-read, confident, curious, tenacious and an effective communicator able to sell intangibles. 
You bring with you: 
You are the face that represents the Brand. 
You are able to:
You are a skilled PHP developer that is comfortable in web frameworks, patterns and exercises best practices. You have experience working with Magento / Drupal or other similar systems. You are not afraid to pull either of these frameworks apart, figure out how they work and build something better. You are a careful, conscientious worker who values quality but also is mindful of timelines. victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
You are a proactive and dependable, always prepared for all incoming shipment material from our vendors and suppliers. Your have good attention to detail as record keeping is a critical part of your job. You provide excellent customers service, are a team player and have great relationship with your coworkers. 
You :
YMCA of Greater Vancouver
YMCA of Greater Vancouver
www.webtechwireless.com 
www.VantageResourcing.com  wb45@wokbox.ca
www.sani-service.com
www.responsesolutions.ca 
www.joneve.com
www.joneve.com
www.blackbearpub.com
www.amix.ca enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
www.amix.ca nwwf@shawbiz.ca
www.amix.ca
Write specifications, if and when needed, for local development and ensure that Technical Consultants have a clear understanding of these specifications. 
Wrapping Pallets
WPCG is looking for a Business Analyst for one of our Lower Mainland clients.
WPCG is currently seeking a Senior Project Manager - Financial Systems on behalf of our Lower Mainland client.
WPCG is currently searching for a Business Analyst/Project Manager on behalf of our Lower Mainland client. 
WPCG is a specialized recruitment and search firm in the areas of Accounting & Finance, Information Technology, and Supply Chain. Visit www.wpcg.ca for other exciting career opportunities. We provide opportunity for our clients and employees to grow.
WPCG is a specialized recruitment and search firm in the areas of Accounting & Finance, Information Technology, and Supply Chain. Visit www.wpcg.ca for other exciting career opportunities. We provide opportunity for our clients and employees to grow.
WPCG is a specialized recruitment and search firm in the areas of Accounting & Finance, Information Technology, and Supply Chain. Visit www.wpcg.ca for other exciting career opportunities. We provide opportunity for our clients and employees to grow.
Works with franchise owners individually, their advertising Co-operatives and advertising agencies to develop, execute and analyze local media plans, as well as local store marketing activities. mhr85@shaaw.ca
Working with delivery drivers hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
Working knowledge of ADMSTM / Central Admin (Capable) 
Working in the role of full-time Sales Trainee/Outside Sales, you will have the opportunity to learn and grow with a leading industrial and supplies distributor. Fastenal Company is currently seeking candidates for a Sales Trainee/Outside Sales position at our store located at 36 East 5th Avenue, Vancouver, BC, V5T 1G8. 
Working for Concord will allow you to enjoy several different benefits that are geared to showing our employees that we value their service and are continually seeking out new ways to improve your experience with the company.
Work your own hours on your own time from home.
Work Setting: Private Residence 
Work Setting: Finance and insurance, Retail or wholesale sales and services industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
Work Location Information: Urban area
Work Location Information: Room and board provided ($325 per month)  applications@plan.ca
work is very busy. fuel cards supplied by company. contact me for more details
Work is in Kitsilano y Downtown Vancouver. 
Work in a team environment under the direction of the Chief Estimator. 
Work hours:
Work Hours cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
Work from your own home. Your own hours.
Work for an industry leader and help save the planet by being a part of the largest scrap metal recycling company in BC. Family owned and operated, we have been in business for nearly 40 years. We crush and recycle over 100,000 vehicles per year. Other areas of our business include demolition of mine and mill sites world-wide, surplus steel sales out of our Chilliwack facility and a water business division that has the capacity to move vast quantities of material quickly and efficiently.
Work for an industry leader and help save the planet by being a part of the largest scrap metal recycling company in BC. Family owned and operated, we have been in business for nearly 40 years. We crush and recycle over 100,000 vehicles per year. Other areas of our business include demolition of mine and mill sites world-wide, surplus steel sales out of our Chilliwack facility and a water business division that has the capacity to move vast quantities of material quickly and efficiently.
Work for an industry leader and help save the planet by being a part of the largest scrap metal recycling company in BC. Family owned and operated, we have been in business for nearly 40 years. We crush and recycle over 100,000 vehicles per year. Other areas of our business include demolition of mine and mill sites world-wide, surplus steel sales out of our Chilliwack facility and a water business division that has the capacity to move vast quantities of material quickly and efficiently. info@wespacelectric.com
Work Environment: On-site, full-time, downtown Vancouver 
Work Environment: industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
Work directly with both subcontractors and customers 
Work Conditions and Physical Capabilities: Fast-paced environment, Work under pressure, Tight deadlines, Attention to detail <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Work as a team to achieve sales targets 
Work as a team to achieve sales targets 
women using naturally attractive humor techniques.
With the holiday season approaching, we will require part time staff to assist our fulltime team members.
with resume
With growth comes opportunity! We are looking for an enthusiastic individual to add value to Amix&#65533;s commitment to recycling. You will work in our busy Surrey shop to maintain/repair our onsite heavy duty equipment and assist with our commercial fleet.   resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
With growth comes opportunity! We are looking for an enthusiastic individual to add value to Amix&#65533;s commitment to recycling. You will work in our busy Chilliwack shop to maintain/repair our commercial fleet.  
with flexible hours 
Windows, MAC, Linux, Unix, Hardware, Internet, Servers, Applications - desktop , File management software, Security software, Multimedia Software, Word processing software , Presentation software, Office Suites, Mail server software, Electronic mailing software, Electronic scheduling software, Communication software, Image editing software, Programming software, HTML editing software, Web site creation and management software, Desktop publishing software, Database software, Programming languages, Software development 
Willing to work business hours 
Willing to develop new skills 
Will pay $20 per hour. Will take 1 to 3 hours.
will be on the sales floor both assisting customers and processing sales.
Why: The opportunity to meet new people, make the community a better place and contribute to the fight against cancer!  enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
Why should you work here? 
Why Join WIND Mobile?  job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
Why Join WIND Mobile?
WHY JOIN OUR TEAM: As BC&#65533;s largest security organization, Commissionaires BC, provides comprehensive security solutions that integrate highly trained people and technology. We are dedicated to providing employment for Canadians with varied backgrounds, including responsible citizens, students, seniors, and ex-servicemen. 
Why Airport Retail? 
Who: Volunteers of All Ages* 
Who you are. You&#65533;re just as good with people as you are with your hands. After all, it&#65533;s your job to interact with customers, assess their needs, and then setup, repair, and maintain their sporting equipment. In helping athletes get back to living &#65533;The Power of Sport&#65533;, all safety measures will be taken to ensure their equipment is serviced to the manufacturer&#65533;s specifications. 
Who we want:
WHO WE ARE: info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Who is Aldeasa? 
who has a attention to detail and can learn to move at an above average pace. must have own vehicle and
While you will be responsible for taking and scheduling appointments, you will not be making sales calls.
While we thank everyone who applies, only successful candidates will be contacted for an interview.
While we thank everyone who applies, only successful candidates will be contacted for an interview.
While we thank all those for their applications and interests in the role; only those short listed will be contacted for an interview.  Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
While we thank all those for their applications and interests in the role; only those short listed will be contacted for an interview.  administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
While we sincerely appreciate every application, only candidates chosen for an interview with be contacted.
While specific programming skills are not essential, you do need a solid understanding of software applications with an emphasis on web technologies.
Whether you are looking for a full-time career, a great part-time job, or seasonal job, the position of a Marciano Sales Associate is the most important position in our company. 
whether or not you have a vehicle
Where: West Vancouver Future Shop 
Where: IKEA Richmond, 3200 Sweden Way, Richmond 
Where: Dr Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver.  144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
Where: Dr Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver. 
Where: Dr Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver.  <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Where: Dr Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver. 
Where:  Dr. Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver.
Where:  Dr. Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver.
Where:  Dr Peter Centre at 1110 Comox Street in Vancouver.
When: Tuesday, November 23 &#65533; Thursday, December 23 
When: Saturday, November 13, 2010 
When: Saturday, November 13, 2010 
When: Saturday, November 13, 2010 
When: Saturday, November 13, 2010 
When: Saturday November 13th, 2010  resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
When:  Saturday, November 13, 2010
When:  Saturday, November 13, 2010
When:  Saturday, November 13, 2010
When you reply to the email please let us know how much you charge per hour. This is key!!
What's with Westward????? You wonder why do they keep advertising in this economy they can't find the right person?
What: IKEA Richmond Christmas Tree Lot  sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
What&#65533;s in it for you:  
What you'll bring to the team:
What you'll be responsible for:
What you&#65533;ll get. &#65533; Competitive salary &#65533; Discounts on all the latest gear &#65533; A fun, fast paced environment &#65533; Hands on training 
What you&#65533;ll do. &#65533; Deal with customers in a friendly and professional manner &#65533; Fill out proper documentation for receiving, servicing, and returning customers products &#65533; Apply knowledge to recommend the right service for customers&#65533; needs &#65533; Carry out service and repairs in a professional and timely fashion &#65533; Maintain a clean and organized service area. 
What you bring to the team:
What we&#65533;re looking for  
What we offer? 
What we offer;
What We Offer  
What We Offer 
What we need: resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
What we have to Offer  josie.bradley@bclupus.org
What we ask of you: 
What is the job? 
What is the government doing to help those who have run out of their UI's? steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
What Do You Want? 
What do you require?  childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
What are we looking for from you? 
We've created a fun, casual work environment that lets you work to your maximum potential. We work together, inspiring and mentoring each other to build great products, having fun along the way and celebrating our successes. This is a great opportunity to join an unbeatable team who cares as much about getting a job well done as you do. Ideally located in the heart of Gastown, we have a great open office layout in a building that's close to all major transit services. bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
We've been in the business for 10 solid years and have the best commission in the industry, the best leads, and the best verifiers!  <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Westward is looking for a Tax Associate. In this role the Tax Associate is to fulfill all jobs duties requested by tax supervisor and tax partner, provide prospects and clients the best service, and contribute to Westwards growth. 
Westward Advisors Ltd. is Canada&#65533;s leading provider of insurance-based tax and estate planning solutions. Our advisors provide independent advice to determine the best insurance-based tax and estate plan for our client&#65533;s business and family. 
Westward Advisors Ltd.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We're not running a charity here!!
We're looking for:  coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
We're looking for: 
Were looking for self-motivated individuals to assist with new campaigns!  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
We're looking for permanent part-time crew, for Friday nights to Sundays (weekends mainly) children's entertainment, including amateur magicians, face painters, balloon benders.
Were looking for outgoing, enthusiastic and friendly people to be our customer service representatives! 
We're looking for a natural thinker, a problem solver, a pencil behind the ear, right foot, left foot, gore-tex jacket wearing type. Someone who thinks in CAD and gets emotional looking at blue prints. Someone to contact both existing & new customers and find out what they need to get their next project done.  
We're looking for a leader. No ordinary leader, but one that can inspire, coach and develop team members, drive sales and ensure our clients always have an exceptional experience. 
We're looking for a Full Time Dishwasher at our Robson street, Vancouver Store location.  sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
We're excited to meet the best teachers in town. Please apply soon! 
Well Presented  <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Well organized; detail oriented; effective verbal and communication skills; commitment to providing effective customer service; 
Well organized and hands-on with a strong ability to multi-task 
Well organized and hands-on with a strong ability to multi-task  <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Well groomed. applications at plan dot ca
WELCOME TO THE ACQUISITION GROUP one of the fastest growing sales & marketing firms looking to fill entry level Administration, sales and marketing positions. We specialize in sales and client acquisition; we are looking for fresh talent. Deal with existing customers - show our competition what you've got. 
-Weekly pay (hourly + tips + gas allowance)  <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Weekends Anytime up to 7pm. resumes@fraserway.com
WebTech Wireless is a dynamic and growing international company with an experienced and dedicated global team. If you&#65533;re looking for a challenging career and a great place to work, then you&#65533;ve come to the right place. We offer the opportunity to work with a motivated team, eager to master emerging technologies and build leading edge solutions. We are driven to succeed and our diversity brings creativity to that pursuit. We offer a range of career and skill development possibilities, with competitive benefits packages, and a comfortable work environment. Our competitive benefits package includes an employee referral program, competitive vacation allowances, healthcare benefits, and more. 
Web Site: http://www.quayproperty.net
We&#65533;ve recently launched our website and have a talented crew of writers and bloggers, but we need more. 
We&#65533;re looking to take Canada by storm with our team of highly motivated mobile consultants. It is our mission to  <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We&#65533;re looking for both seasoned and novice writers. Anyone who wants to write for us on an ongoing basis, or perhaps has just one great story idea. Either way, email us at bloggerjob@hotmail.com to send us any writing samples or story pitches. 
We&#65533;re looking for a particularly well turned out, sharply tuned someone. A concept happy MAC user with a &#65533;brand&#65533; friendly background and a palette of creativity.  Someone with discretion, energy and a refined streak like a robust Merlot. Capable of planning a wine tasting a week, designing compelling sales collateral and a pointed advertising campaign to deliver. resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
We&#65533;re in the business of providing our readers with fresh and relevant content, every day. 
We would love to meet you! 
We would love to meet you!  josie.bradley@bclupus.org
We wish to thank all candidates for their interest but only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted.  No phone calls or recruitment agencies will be accepted.  Thank you for your understanding.
We will provide: 
We will provide extensive training, uniform and staff meal discounts. Wok Box is a fun, busy and energetic place to work. Pay is $8.00/hr plus great tips. 
We will provide 100% of the training for the right candidates and will provide fast track to management for the brightest.
-we want to create a fun, comfortable and relaxed atmosphere while delivering the highest quality results on our clients! <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We thank you for your application; however due to the high volume of applications received, only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.
We thank all those who apply, but only those who are shortlisted for an interview will be contacted.
We thank all applicants, but only those that we feel are suitable will be contacted for these positions.  chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only short-listed candidates will be contacted for an interview.  bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those meeting our needs will be contacted.
We thank all applicants for their interest, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
We thank all applicants for their interest, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only short-listed candidates will be contacted for an interview.  sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only short-listed candidates will be contacted for an interview. 
We thank all applicants for their interest, however only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. This posting will close November 26th, 2010
We thank all applicants for their interest in joining the Black Bear Crew; however, only those candidates selected for an 
We thank all applicants for their interest but only short listed candidates will be contacted.  Please no phone calls or office visits pertaining to this posting.  PCIS is committed to employment equity and make every attempt to allow equal representation for all within the workplace.
We thank all applicants for their interest but only short listed candidates will be contacted.  Please no phone calls or office visits pertaining to this posting.  PCIS is committed to employment equity and make every attempt to allow equal representation for all within the workplace
We supply everything you will need as well as training. We have lots of flexability and offer a friendly work environment.
We Supply
We specialize in public relations! Working with customers face-to-face is what we love to do.  <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
We service the entire Vancouver area.
We reward self-starters, firecrackers, collaborators and life enthusiasts. We can&#65533;t abide stagnancy or bureaucracy. We thrive on change and ambitious goals.
We require a minimum of a one year commitment, but are hoping for longer.
We recognize our employees by providing an above average industry compensation package including:
We really appreciate the person who helps us care for our kids and clean our home! Looking forward to hearing from you!
We provide on going training, a service vehicle,uniforms,benefits package, and wage depending on level of experience and proficiency. job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
We provide Microsoft Software Solutions & Hosting (Cloud Computing) Solutions company, we provide packaged and custom Microsoft Dynamics erp / crm solutions.
We provide electrical in residential, commercial and industrial installations. 
We provide an online based platform where it is very easy for small business owners with limited computer knowledge to update their website without the headache of hiring a professional. We offer comprehensive technical support for our clients, as well as marketing support, such as utilizing social media and basic SEO.  wb45@wokbox.ca
We provide a paid 2 week training period, benefits after 6 months, and a great work environment.
We offer:
We offer: info at deepssunshinecleaning dot com
We offer you benefits, a competitive start rate and flexibility. We have created a work environment that respects our team of professionals and provides opportunities for enriching skills and allowing commissionaires to achieve their personal goals. 
We offer you a flexible schedule, and excellent hourly wage. 
We offer the lowest rate to trainers in the city and have a facility over 40,000 sq. feet.  Probably one of the biggest gym floors in the city with great oppurtunity to train your own clients as well as our members.   Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
We offer compettive rates and an extended benefits package.
We offer competitive wages, sick days and reminbursement for professional development. minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
We offer competetive wages and a great work environment. If you are looking for a self-starter looking for a company they can grow with.
We offer an excellent training program, fun staff incentives, tip pool, and great staff discounts! 
We offer an attractive wage, a range of benefits as well as the opportunity to expand upon your knowledge and experience in a growing industry.
We offer a great benefits package and a dynamic, fun team to work with. 
We offer a comprehensive salary and benefits package, excellent training and opportunities for advancement and are an award winning employer with over 9,200 employees from coast-to-coast. We have been providing expert building maintenance and complete janitorial services for over 42 years to a variety of clients. 
We offer a comprehensive salary and benefits package, excellent training and opportunities for advancement and are an award winning employer with over 9,200 employees from coast-to-coast. We have been providing expert building maintenance and complete janitorial services for over 42 years to a variety of clients. 
We offer a competitive salary, company benefits, commissions and bonus's, as well as a company car, gas card & phone.  Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
We offer a competitive benefit and salary package, a great working environment and room to grow! If you are interested in applying for this position, please send your resume and cover letter to jobs@dickslumber.com and quote posting number 2010.1105.01 in the subject line of the email.
We need: careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
We need Hard Working, Friendly, Detailed Cleaners to join us and we are open 7 Days a week 8am to 6pm...Being flexable with shifts asset. 
We need hard working, energetic & friendly people who like working with the public face-face. 
We need a trained sound tech with mixing and boom operating experience.
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday. 
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday. anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday. <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
We look forward to seeing you at our hiring hall on Saturday, November 13, 2010. 
We look forward to seeing you at our hiring hall on Saturday, November 13, 2010. 
We like experience in either Retail Sales, Hospitality and or Customer Service but this is NOT ESSENTIAL if you have **Personality Plus** 
We have work booked for the next 3-4 months. 
We have to pay by cheque and we need to record the person's SIN.
We have several different clients looking for Forklift Operators in Richmond and Delta. 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
We have flexible hours and are willing to work with a great Esthetician and Receptionist's schedule.  gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
We have elementary to high school students. 
We have day and night shifts, all work is local. 
We have an opportunity for an individual to fill the role as a traveling service technician. The chosen individual will perform several in-home service calls in the Greater Vancouver area daily. To be qualified to apply for this position you will need to meet the following requirements: 
We have an opening for an experienced part-time retail sales consultant. The successful applicant will have a minimum of two years retail sales experience and excellent customer service skills. This is a permanent position. 
We have an opening for an experienced part-time retail sales consultant. The successful applicant will have a minimum of two years retail sales experience and excellent customer service skills. This is a permanent position.  careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
We have an immediate opening for a Bilingual Client Services Representative &#65533; English and French on our front-line technical support team. If you are bright, enjoy solving problems and are passionate about helping clients exceed their goals, we&#65533;d like to hear from you.  gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
We have an additional assortment of products that will be posted to the website asap. The FORMAL LAUNCH phase of the business will occur by the end of November, at which time you will be able the view more products in the product line .At this time we have a proprietary supplement on the website. (Nature's Ancient Wisdom) 
We have a professional sales team who will teach our prospects to use the software, and closing the sale for you. Another words, your job is to only find out what your prospects need and booking an appointment for our sales guru to teach the prospect how to use the software and to close the sale. 
We have a designer on board already.....we need an IT guy to build the website up. 
We have 10 entry-level customer service and marketing positions available! 
We focus on the community, buying local sustanable ingredients and free range meats, eggs and produce. We have a big emphasis on our coffee program and ensuring our standards are held at the highest regard. 
We do not mind that you work from home unless the calls are made and tracked. This is not a cold calling position.
We currently have the following positions available:  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
We currently have immediate openings for part-time In-Aisle Sales Representatives on behalf of our client representing the FLIP VIDEO camcorder in the Calgary area. If you are sales oriented, tech savvy, have an ability to connect easily with others and have a passion for customer service, we just may have the right opportunity for you. 
We currently have an opportunity for a mature "" Bondable"" in-store  Customer Service  Rep / Admin
We currently have an opening for a passionate Store Manager to lead our Morgon Crossing team.
We currently have an immediate opening for a Grade 7 English/ESL tutor in the North Delta area.
We currently have an immediate opening for a Grade 10 English tutor in the Maple Ridge area. <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We check references.
We carefully select excellent instructors who can demonstrate their expertise in own areas and plan to compensate them based on their contribution to the school and their commitment to grow together. We have different locations in Vancouver West, Richmond, Coquitlam, Surrey and North Shore. Please indicate which location you'd like to work for when you send in your resume. 
We build high quality millwork and do our own installations.
We believe that our staff makes our company great and will treat you well.  We expect our staff to be courteous, punctual, honest, and capable.  We pride ourselves on having a positive, engaging work environment!
We believe in: 
We are using a legacy BBX based system in a windows networked environment. 
We are seeking to hire an experienced & talented programmer to work on a Drupal multisite platform.
We are seeking individuals who are exciting, reliable, and people orientated to help us serve our growing clientele. No prospecting. No cold calls. Excellent training. Must be able to follow directions and have complete integrity. Knowledge of a 2nd language is an asset.
We are seeking a Software Developer.  We offer a fun and challenging environment.
We are seeking a detail-oriented, hard-working, and efficient individual who is good at following instructions to join our company as a Cutting Operator. 
We are seeking a Customer Service Specialist to join our growing team.  We offer a fun and challenging environment. servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
We are seeking a caregiver who is able to handle all areas of personal care for a young, fun-loving disabled man, and also be able to travel abroad if needed.
We are presently looking for a Connector in White Rock South Surrey who enjoys all sorts of sports; are you a Canucks and Lions fan? The person at the center of the network enjoys poking fun, joking around and having a beer at the pub while watching a game with his friends. 
We are presently looking for a Connector in South Burnaby who loves music, hanging out at the local coffee shop and sharing a meal with friends. You might also like swimming, skating and going for walks. 
We are prepared to look at a less experienced candidates and train if the core attributes and knowledge base are present. 
We are planning to hire a competent R&D research scientist to further expand and improve the multimedia signal processing algorithms currently employed by BBTV. In particular, the candidate will be involved with the design of machine learning and pattern recognition algorithms for the purpose of information retrieval from videos.
We are part of Canada&#65533;s oldest and largest real estate company, with over 14,000 agents and 600 offices coast to coast. 
We are one of the world&#65533;s leading Duty Free airport retailers with 258 stores in 52 airports across 4 continents. We sell cosmetics, liquor, tobacco, food, jewelry, watches, leather goods, textiles and luggage across 14 stores post security at YVR. Our aim is to give travelers a great final impression of Vancouver and Canada before they fly abroad. 
We are looking to start hiring as early as Monday, November 15th. Please do not send your resume by email; we prefer to speak with you first, as part of the initial hiring phase. Call 1-877-449-5103 ext: 1012 between 7am and 2pm to arrange an interview. Ask for Justin! salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
We are looking to have someone start ASAP....PLEASE EMAIL YOUR RESUME PLUS A COVER LETTER with why you think you would be a good fit with us...plus your available work days - times....Thanks for you time & Interest..We will be interviewing this week and hopefully starting training Wed if we find a right fit*** 
We are looking to fill the following shifts:
We are looking to expand our computer supplies business to our customer base (current office supply customers) as well as help with our internal needs. 
We are looking for the right candidates to help us expand in the Vancouver greater area market. We offer the personal attention and professional advantages you would expect from a corporation dedicated to growth and success.  hr_marqui@gmail.com
We are looking for the following:
We are looking for the following skills: 
We are looking for someone with superior customer service in the restaurant industry and has previous serving experience. This position is a full time position so open availability is a must. 
We are looking for someone to work out in the field .
We are looking for someone to help us clean our 3 bedroom (1200 square feet) house near UBC and do some occasional childcare for our 8 and 11 year kids (who don't need much care, just someone to be home):
We are looking for reliablity, a patient and positive attitude and energetic.
We are looking for outstanding, high energy individuals who love the fast paced world of retail. Join our winning team as a seasonal associate at Future Shop. 
We are looking for outstanding, high energy individuals who love the fast paced world of retail. Join our winning team as a Product Expert at Future Shop. 
We are looking for highly motivated individuals, who are results orientated, to serve our existing client base and provide benefit packages. <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
We are looking for fun, energetic people to join our family.  Currently we are in need of Part Time or Full Time Line Cooks, Prep Cooks, Dishwashers, Cashiers and Bussers. 
We are looking for energetic, outgoing and responsible men and women aged 19-30. If you are under 19, please do not apply. 
WE ARE LOOKING FOR COMPETITIVE INDIVIDUALS TO LEAD A SALES AND MARKETING TEAM.  careers at visioncritical dot com
We are looking for an individual who is passionate about the RV lifestyle and is results oriented.  You must be a team player and have experience in RV repairs and customer service.   You are a person of integrity and always make a positive contribution to your team and work environment. victor@goldsgymbc.ca
We are looking for an individual that is seeking an opportunity to be a part of a growing and dynamic organization. 
We are looking for an experienced Visual Basic 6 (VB6) Programmer / Developer with experience developing database driven Windows applications using the VB6 IDE. The ideal candidate will have experience in writing new program code and documentation as well as modifying existing code.
We are looking for a talented Implementation Specialist to join our team in Richmond.  The Implementation Specialist is responsible for integrating TTC&#65533;s applications with customer ERP systems such as PeopleSoft, Oracle EBS, SAP or any other custom ERP and ensuring customer satisfaction through a successful project implementation and management of our products.
We are looking for a talented and enthusiastic Registered Massage Therapist to join our team in a beautiful and professionally designed place. The candidate must want to practice in a team building atmosphere and be pro-active in building up clientele. There are patients available immediately to start with a new RMT.  Start now part time and progress to full time as client base builds. The clinic will provide reception services, massage room and table and linens and oils. Point of sale machine available for use of debit and credit cards. 
We are looking for a salon co-ordinator/Receptionist that has the following skills and attributes:
We are looking for a dedicated, hard-working &#65533;team-minded&#65533; candidate with exceptional phone skills and a strong desire to succeed in a sales environment. This position will appeal to candidates who have experience working with customers in a  telemarketing capacity. 
We are located in a promising and convenient location with ample parking, near the Canada Line.
We are interviewing for entry level positions all of which have the opportunity for advancement. However, if you have some experience BEYOND entry level - you may be that perfect candidate to further develop, and then assist us at the top. You must be enthusiastic, competitive, have a strong work ethic and a willingness to learn. Full training provided. Compensation based solely on individual performance. 
We are interested in training those who are eager to learn about various facets of business development. We will train specifically on how to run a successful business from its inception. Our experienced Regional Managers will guide you through every step of the way.
We are hiring a part time or full time HOSTESS. Availability MUST include Friday and Saturday nights from 4pm as well as Sunday anytime. Experience in the restaurant industry preferred but not a requirement.
We are hiring a part time expo. This position will be for 2-3 shifts per week and could lead to 5 in the future. Approximate weekly hours could range between 8-18 per week. Availability MUST include Thursday and Saturday nights from 4pm. Experience in the restaurant industry preferred but not a requirement. mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
WE ARE GROWING!!! 
We are expecting to hear from dynamic, intelligent people. info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
We are currently seeking P/T candidates for an entry level Busser / Back Bar position.
We are currently seeking Brand Ambassadors to represent a well established Household product in a retail environment! This is an ideal position for candidates who thrive in a sales environment and who loves speaking with the public! The successful candidate must be comfortable working independently in store! You will be provided with leading edge product training and managerial support throughout the program!
We are currently seeking Brand Ambassadors to represent a well established Household product in a retail environment! This is an ideal position for candidates who thrive in a sales environment and who loves speaking with the public! The successful candidate must be comfortable working independently in store! You will be provided with leading edge product training and managerial support throughout the program!
We are currently looking for individuals who are enthusiastic, team-oriented, goal-oriented, and ready to start a career. Recent Graduate or looking for a Career Change? Contact us! If you live in the Vancouver area or plan to relocate, please forward your resume <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We are currently looking for a hard working and reliable CONTENTS/CLEANING - LEAD HAND to join our team. The successful candidate will have experience in residential / commercial contents handling (packing, documenting, storing, and cleaning).  <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
We are currently looking for a dynamic and experienced individual to fill the position of Conference Sales Coordinator
We are BC&#65533;s largest security organization and provide comprehensive security solutions that integrate highly trained people and technology. We are dedicated to providing employment for Canadians with military and RCMP backgrounds. We are the trusted name in security.  mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
We are an Employment Equity Employer and we value a diverse workforce. We will provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. In support of our Employment Equity Program, women, aboriginal people, members of visible minorities, and/or persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply and self identify in the application process.
We are also looking for substitute teachers to add to our sub list. Please apply with a resume and cover letter. Thank you in advance for your application. Only those shortlisted for an interview will be contacted.
We are a young web design and development company nevertheless boasting an impressive and varied portfolio of satisfied clients. With a core staff of web veterans and a regular roster of talented contractors, we offer expertise and excellence at every stage of project development, from concept, design, and implementation to maintenance, updates, and archiving. Located in West Vancouver, on either side of our offices are the Capilano River and the Park Royal Mall, which means that our headquarters are just like the websites we design: right in the sweet spot where beauty meets brisk business. We are growing fast, and we are looking for skilled, personable professionals to add to our team.
We are a young company looking for experienced team players that can add to the overall energy of the show and are willing to take direction, notes and work on tight deadlines. Our show is a comedy series based on the famous tales of &#65533;1001 Nights&#65533;. Episodes are 11 minutes in length and targeting an age group of 6-9.
We are a work hard, play hard company. Your hard work and results will be recognized and rewarded. 
We are a Web Development franchise that carries a web based DIY website software targeted for small business owners who are looking for an affordable web solution. Our product is popular in the US, and we are looking to gain market share in the Lower Mainland. Visit our website at www.12web.biz 
We are a tutoring service provider.
We are a small local clothing company looking for a skilled individual to sew
We are a small local clothing company looking for a skilled individual to sew
We are a promotional advertising company that works in a variety of locations working with the public. <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We are a multi-location retail chain with a part-time opening for IT Systems Support. We have nine retail locations. The applicant should have a few years experience, a mature attitude and MUST be able to get along with others and have a pleasant telephone manner. 
We are a large company with over 50 employees, with a strong following of great customers. 
We are a GROWING marketing firm looking for dynamic workers, friendly people with good communication skills.
We are a growing counter service cafe looking for someone with energy and enthusiasm to join the team. 
We are a growing B2B office supplies and print company that provides a full line of copy paper, computer supplies, ID cards and print solutions directly to the office consumables marketplace. This industry is a dynamic and stable market environment with strong growth opportunities. 
We are a general family practice and as such treat our patients like they are family and honoured guests!
We are a family owned and operated business and have expended recently by getting a showroom in surrey. nwwf@shawbiz.ca
We are a Downtown based organization looking for an Executive Assistant responsible to provide administrative support to the Office of the Executive Director, the President, and the Executive Committee. 
We are a company that knows what it takes for our people and business to succeed. We have a work environment in which decisions are shared, not handed down. Where people enjoy real responsibility from the start and look forward topromotion based on performance, not seniority. 
We are a children and maternity store that is very community based. We are looking for someone who will be comfortable talking to Mamas about children, pregnancy and everything inbetween. We are located in east Vancouver near the PNE. 
We appreciate the interest of all applicants; however, only those considered for an interview will be contacted. 
We appreciate the interest of all applicants; however, only those considered for an interview will be contacted. 
WAREHOUSE & SHIPPER/RECEIVER (PRINT DEPT)
Wages: Cad$15.00/hr, 
Wages: 
Wages and commission structures will be discussed at the interview. Please email your resume by responding to this ad. Applications by phone are not accepted at this time. 
Wage: CAD$ 3,000/month,
Wage: $18.33
Wage range: $20.90 - $21.90
Wage offered 17.00 per hour , 40hr per week. 10 Days of Vacation; jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Wage is paid hourly starting at $9.50 + depending on experience and ability 
Visit www.gvcss.bc.ca for more information
Visit us at www.SIGrecruiting.com
Visit us at www.SIGrecruiting.com
Visit our website!  hr_marqui@gmail.com
Vision Critical is a team of researchers and technologists that look at customer insight from entirely new and beautifully quantifiable angles. We help 25% of the world&#65533;s top brands make informed decisions not based on anecdotes, or best-guesses, or opinion&#65533;but on fact. We help companies discover and amplify what moves their biggest fans.
victor@goldsgymbc.ca
victor@goldsgymbc.ca
victor@goldsgymbc.ca alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
very friendly customer service <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Very competitive base salary plus gratuities and a professionally cleaned kitchen awaits the right Chef. Benefits are on the table. job@j76cw.com
Veronica Enair
Vantage Resourcing offers specialized recruiting and human resource consulting services to clients in the Lower Mainland. In particular, our expertise is searching for and securing candidates for accounting and finance positions. 
Vancouver, BC 
Valid BC Drivers License and own Vehicle
Using your patience, humour and abundance of energy you must be able to work well in a university student environment.
Use professional sales approach to understand customer's needs and offer the complete solution to all their technology needs. 
Use of source control system such as Subversion
Use manual and electrical appliances to clean, peel, slice and trim foodstuffs, 
Use BIRTHDAY PARTY PERFORMER in your email's subject line. 
Upon submission of your application via email or on-line, you will receive an email confirming Amix&#65533;s receipt of your resume. Due to the anticipated volume of applications, we are unable to respond to telephone inquiries about the status of your application. For additional information about Amix and to view other job opportunities, please visit us on the web at www.amix.ca
Upon submission of your application on-line, you will receive an email confirming Amix&#65533;s receipt of your resume. Due to the anticipated volume of applications, we are unable to respond to telephone inquiries about the status of your application. For additional information about Amix and to view other job opportunities, please visit us on the web at www.amix.ca
Unloading & Loading trucks with forklift
Unlimited potential for growth and commission. cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
University degree and previous teaching experience required. 
University Degree
Undertake any development activities that may occur during the implementation such as additional specific functionality, interfacing to external systems, or conversion programs to be built. 
Understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle and/or Agile Software Methodologies
Under the general direction of The Design Department you will:
Under one roof we have a broad range of fabrication capability. From light industrial work, including custom manufacturing (eg for pulp & paper industry, for light industrial machinery) and prototyping (hovercraft, simulator consoles, woodchip fuel feeder/weigher), to high-end architectural and ornamental metalwork, such as stainless furniture, handrails, water-features in residential and high profile public /commercial projects. as well as plethora of ""job shop"" custom fabricating.
Ultimately we need a charismatic communicator to hear our clients out. Someone with enough compassion to listen, enough judgement to quote on the project and enough drive to see it through from start to finish.  Someone to grow with our customers. Someone to grow with us. cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
Typical Duties Include:
Type of work: behavioral issues, oppositionally defiant, male teens, 12 - 18 yrs. old.
two part-time Evening and Late night Servers.
Two Indian Sweet Makers
Trucking department needs Maintenance Manager for aggregate hauling operation. 
Truck and job for sale at CN to qualified Buyer ! You must Have A TLS OWNER OPERATOR LICENSE AND AN UP TO DATE PORT PASS ALONG WITH A CLEAN DRIVERS ABSTRACT ! Price for Truck and Job is $120000.00 OR BEST OFFER !!!!!!!! For more info call 604-825-3975 !
TRS Contract Consulting Group is a Vancouver-based Information Technology Recruitment Firm. Our business hinges on our ability to attract and retain the best technical consultants in Western Canada. Finding you the right position is as important to us as it is to you. We know that TRS consultants represent us at our clients&#65533; locations; so keeping a strong relationship with you is integral to our long-term success. <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
TRS Contract Consulting Group is a Vancouver-based Information Technology Recruitment Firm. Our business hinges on our ability to attract and retain the best technical consultants in Western Canada. Finding you the right position is as important to us as it is to you. We know that TRS consultants represent us at our clients&#65533; locations; so keeping a strong relationship with you is integral to our long-term success.
TRS Contract Consulting Group is a Vancouver-based Information Technology Recruitment Firm. Our business hinges on our ability to attract and retain the best technical consultants in Western Canada. Finding you the right position is as important to us as it is to you. We know that TRS consultants represent us at our clients&#65533; locations; so keeping a strong relationship with you is integral to our long-term success. info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
Transportation/Travel Information: Willing to travel, Travel expenses paid by employer
Transportation/Travel Information: Public transportation is available; ability to drive is an asset.  josie.bradley@bclupus.org
Translate supply order list from the chef in Korean and place them to the wholesalers in English/Korean
TRAINING PROGRAM:  salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
Training of retail Sales Associates 
Training is provided. Subway experience and food safe is an asset.
Training is provided. Ideal for college students (especially those in psychology, social work or education), 19 years and older. 
Training Date: Thursday, November 18 & Wednesday, December 1 (depending upon retailer) 
Trainer must be interviewed and inline with business goals.  Only for top trainers looking to not be gauged by other faciliteis.  Your an entrepreneur, so get paid like one.
Train new workers
Top dollar for the right individual
Tools and references
Today the company provides the highest quality production, lowest cost and fastest distribution of marketing collateral to major brands around the world. Headquartered in Vancouver, B.C., Contac has facilities in Toronto, Montreal, as well as London. Our goal is to continue to develop and expand both our Company and our people. We are currently seeking a Warehouse Helper with Shipping & Receiving experience to join our Delta Warehouse & Print Division team.
To register, please call 778-928-5656  or email to  chg11920@gmail.com
TO QUALIFY YOU MUST ALREADY HAVE: <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
To offer the net&#65533;s finest collection of education news and content we need a diverse fleet of writers, bloggers and experts. 
To learn more about us please visit our site here: http://tidal.ca/ 
To learn more about teaching rates, benefits packages including health insurance and course discounts or to apply to teach, please visit http://kaptest.com/teach. You will be invited to audition and interview.  info@wespacelectric.com
To learn more about our company visit out website: 
To join our winning team and become a valuable member of our organization please apply to: mgurumet at futureshop dot com
to hear from you!
To find out more, please submit your resume and cover letter to Dave Banns via dbanns (at) theheadhunters.ca.
To find out more about Contac Services, please visit www.contacservices.com maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
To be successful, you possess the ability to take charge and you also possess good leadership and interpersonal skills.  Along with being self- motivated and excellent communication skills you have a proven track record of success. 
To be considered for this role please submit your resume to the attention of Christine Glendinning. We thank you in advance for your interest in this role, however, we are only able to respond to those individuals selected for an interview. 
TO BE CONSIDERED FOR AN INTERVIEW, YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:
To be considered and be invited to our next briefing, please enter your details here: http://hirelounge.com/rsvp/ 
To apply: please submit your resume to: bart[at]advisorwebsites.com please include the subject line: Web Programmer.
To Apply: 
To Apply:
To apply, please send your resume to dfrederickson@restorationhardware.com and reference the position and store location in the subject line.
To Apply, please click on the link below.
To apply, please click on http://SIGrecruiting.maxhire.net/cp/?E55F6D361D43515B7E57182C7751182604 info at deepssunshinecleaning dot com
To apply, please click on   http://SIGrecruiting.maxhire.net/cp/?E55F6C361D43515B7E57182C77511B2604
To apply please email us a copy of your resume along with a portfolio to jobs@tidal.ca 
To Apply for this position, please CLICK HERE
To apply for this position please visit www.collega.com/careers hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
To apply for this position please send your resume with cover letter to: 
To apply for this position please send your resume with a covering letter and salary expectations.  Please quote job opening DPS1121 No Phone Calls, please.
To apply for this position please send Ref#: 10-164 in the subject line along with your cover letter, resume and salary expectations by email to Maureen Potvin at careers@pcis.com.  
To apply for this position please send Ref#: 10-163 in the subject line along with your cover letter, resume and salary expectations by email to Maureen Potvin at careers@pcis.com.  
To apply for the following positions please copy/paste your resume in the body of the email and send to administration@tagconsulting.ca
To Apply  jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
To Apply  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
To Apply 
To Apply
TITLE: Customer Service Station Attendant - West Coast Express 
TITLE Parking Enforcement 
Tired of sitting in a cubicle? Want to earn a decent income? An established financial services firm, American Income, is expanding in British Columbia and we need help!
Times: 9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm 
Times: 9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm 
Times: 9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm  <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
Times: 9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm 
Times:  9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm
Times:  9:30am to 10:30am and 1:30pm to 2:30pm jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
Times:
Times: job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
Time:  9:30am to 10:30am or 1:30pm to 2:30pm killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Tim.Gendreauassistant@investorsgroup.com 
Tidiness, maturity, and able to work independently, is important. Yes we have parking available.
Tidal is rapidly growing web development company. The environment is fun and laid back and there&#65533;s plenty of room for advancement. We always promote internally. 
tickets for club events/shows/concerts.  careers at securiguard dot com
Thursday Anytime
Thursday & Friday: 4:30pm-9:30pm
Thursday & Friday: 4:30pm-9:30pm
Thrive in a busy atmosphere 
Thrive in a busy atmosphere 
THREE REFRENCES
Three full time Indian Specialty Cooks; 
Thoroughly execute test cases using an understanding of the underlying technologies and software testing principles 
This year the Canadian Cancer Society is partnering with IKEA Richmond to assist in their annual Christmas tree lot. Partial proceeds from the sale of these trees will be donated to the Canadian Cancer Society BC & Yukon Division to help with cancer prevention, research and support programs. 
This work requires routine walking, standing, sitting, bending, squatting, pushing, pulling, reaching and carrying items weighing less than 50 pounds.  Items over 50 pounds will utilize a team lift.  You must be physically able and be comfortable with performing these requirements.
This work is&#65533; 
This work is&#65533; 
This will take place in downtown Vancouver on Thursday, 2 Dec 2010. contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
This will include appetizers, main meal and a dessert.
This will be the building block to an in house IT department.  In addition the candidate will help build a Managed Print Services business, and work with resellers such as HP. careers_at_pcis_dot_com
This role offers many perks including a good work and life balance attitude including an employee lounge, great benefits and much much more!
This role offers many perks including a good work and life balance attitude including an employee lounge, great benefits and much much more  alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
This role is responsible for general office administration, including managing the Executive teams calendar's and correspondence and to provide support to the accounting group. We are looking for someone who can handle a variety of tasks in a fun, fast paced corporate environment. 
This role is for a F/T long term role with our client. 
This role is designed to directly support the head of Employee Development and Training with employee development and competency initiatives, throughout the company. Working closely with the Instructional Design team, the incumbent would be required to take a technical direction in the development and writing of training material, including instructor and student guides, and the development templates for eLearning requirements.  victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
This position will start out as a part time permanent position, leading into a full time position.  careers at securiguard dot com
This position will start as a contract position with the possibility to lead into full time employment for the right candidate. As well, the position can/may be a pathway to assist our Company with future development with the next generation of our product.
This position will offer a competitive salary plus a very attractive benefits package. 
This position starts at 20 hours per week and $18.00 per hour. 
This position requires you to be a fast learner, and able to work in a fast paced environment, previous experiece is definetely an asset. Main duties include: baking, light cooking, food preparation, customer service, cleaning, etc., pay start from $9/hr for first three weeks, and $10/hr afterwards, with regular increase. 
This position requires the ability to effectively design, plan, implement and maintain medium-sized SharePoint environments that include some customization. Support of web front end servers, application servers, search servers, and IIS is required. 
This position requires excellent verbal and written English communication skills along with a superior customer service mentality and professional attitude.  
This position offers competitive compensation, benefits package and training. If you describe yourself as a team player, enthusiastic, possess a high level of integrity and the willingness to make a significant contribution, we invite you to apply for this opportunity.  
This position is responsible for developing installers for all the products offered, software release management, software builds, change control management, and version control of all development artifacts, including documents, test cases, development environments and feature funnel management.
This position is part time/on call but may evolve into full time employment in future.
This position is open to male and female applicants.
this position is for 2 or 3 days a week which is evenings !
This position is Coquitlam based; must have Lower Mainland experience. 
This position is available to start immediately. 
this position is available starting January.
This position is .8 FTE and can lead to a full time position.  Some evening and weekend work is required. mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
This person must be able to build large project plans using MS Project.  This individual must be at an expert level utilizing software tools such as Visio, Powerpoint and Word narratives and synthesize them into the project execution plan using the MS Project tool.  
This outgoing firm is needing a strong candidate to join their firm for a lasting commitment.  
This office uses Apple Operating Systems and CRM System. Employment starts in December and will gradually get busier in the new year. 
This job will requires that you are excited about technology and be willing to drive to different lower mainland and Vancouver Island locations
This job could lead to full time employment for next spring if you fit the above.
This isn&#65533;t just a job. It&#65533;s a chance to bring about a brand new day in Canadian wireless! We are Canada's newest national provider of wireless communications services. We are providing voice, text and data services to Canadians on a next-generation GSM network. 
This isn&#65533;t just a job. It&#65533;s a chance to bring about a brand new day in Canadian wireless! We are Canada's newest national provider of wireless communications services. We are providing voice, text and data services to Canadians on a next-generation GSM network. 
This is TFP ......
This is not slander but the truth... I worked there..I have talked with others who have endured the same treatment, and many folks who were duped by their employees on moves, then ripped off on the bill. I witnessed it all and have the scars to prove it!
This is NOT an ad for sex or a relationship.  No pets, smoking, 420, drugs, partying, etc.  One person only (male or female) -- no couples.
This is not a regular 9-5 job you need to be very flexible and great with time management. 
This is no ordinary job. It demands both enthusiasm and confidence at the same time, as well as passion for the latest wireless technology and achieving great results. 
This is first year calculus, Math 104 at UBC mhr85@shaaw.ca
This is an intermediate career opportunity in Vancouver&#65533;s trendiest neighbourhood. Competitive salary, benefits worth writing home over, three weeks starting vacation and no impediment to grow.
This is an immediate requirement, however the position can only be filled by someone who best fits the above description.  If you feel your skills are a match, we anxiously look forward to meeting with you!  Please send your resume to: resumes@yaletowninteriors.com or fax to 604-522-5031
This is an exciting opportunity and Commissionaires BC is a great place to be. 
This is an excellent opportunity for someone new to the service industry to gain exposure to all parts of the business, and provides a clear foundation of the 
This is an entry level ESL position for those wishing to gain experience in the ESL field. service@derosaauto.ca
This is a wonderful opportunity for an outgoing individual who is looking for a long term opportunity that offers a base salary plus commissions with an uncapped earning potential, Medial & Dental benefits, ongoing training/support and future growth opportunities. 
This is a wonderful opportunity for an outgoing individual who is looking for a long term opportunity that offers a base salary plus commissions with an uncapped earning potential, Medial & Dental benefits, ongoing training/support and future growth opportunities. 
This is a unique opportunity to develop specialized skills and secure long-term career growth. The Power Technologist / Technician will be trained to operate rare diagnostic equipment in order to provide valuable information to customers about their equipment. In most cases, information provided to customers can not be obtained by any other means. The Technologist / Technician will work on-site at customer locations throughout the lower mainland and western Canada, performing power quality monitoring, evaluating, taking measurements, troubleshooting, and identifying issues and solutions for the equipment and machinery being evaluated. 
This is a temporary position, depending on business demands.  ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
This is a rare opportunity as our servers stay for a long time 
This is a Permanent Part-Time tutoring position. We pay $11-13 per hour depending on experience. If you are interested in the position, please send us your cover letter,resume and a contact number.
This is a job where you are expected to work during the day and evenings if needed and there is evening work, weekends as well. 
This is a great way to make some side cash  steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
This is a full-time, entry-level position located in downtown Vancouver. 
This is a full time unionized position.  We provide a fun, rewarding environment to work in.
This is a full time position with some possible over time and on call. lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
This is a fast paced environment and the ideal candidate will have to wear many hats. ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
This is a contract position right now, but will become employment within the next year.
This is a company that&#65533;s going to win by doing what its competitors haven&#65533;t been able to do: make customers happy. We&#65533;re building a brand they&#65533;ll stay with because they want to, not because they have to. 
This is a company that&#65533;s going to win by doing what its competitors haven&#65533;t been able to do: make customers happy. We&#65533;re building a brand they&#65533;ll stay with because they want to, not because they have to. 
This full-time career offers a competitive wage with great benefits. 
THINK YOU&#65533;RE THE ONE?
They will attempt to make you an owner operator as well.. so they can bleed you slowly, and enslave you with poverty. Be careful with this offer...They make you responsible for their negligence, and incompetence, and you will have no recourse, but court. If you quit, they steal all your money, including your hold back funds($3000)+
They are looking for dependable, hardworking people who want a permanent position and are willing to grow with the company. A current forklift certificate and forklit work experience is a must as well as the desire for advancement.
These are a full time jobs. 
These are a full time jobs, not contract. 
There will be several 1 hour sessions throughout the day with the earliest starting at 11am and the latest starting at 8pm.
There is quite a bit of down time so you are able to take a nap, read, listen to music or tv but must be available when there is a need.  Patient needs help feeding himself, at times.  
There is no boring office work, no commission, no sales, just talking to people about our clients!
There is a requirement for the incumbent to attend the office a minimum of four days,we anticipate the hours to flex between 15 - 25 weekly. Must be able to work full-time on occasion to cover vacation, sick leave etc. 
There is a possibility of this position becoming permanent.
There are no read or write English requirements for this position; speaking Hindi or Punjabi is an asset.
Then what are you waiting for? 
The YMCA of Greater Vancouver is one of the Lower Mainland&#65533;s leading charities, with an operating budget of more than $29 million. The YMCA provides services in membership, childcare, camping, literacy, employment and community services to over 80,000 participants annually.  
The YMCA Child Care Division; the largest provider of licensed child care in the lower mainland, serves over 2800 children between the ages of 6 weeks and 12 years at 50 licensed child care facilities throughout the Greater Vancouver area. 
The work will commence immediately to continue during the Holiday season so please apply if you are fully available to work on any day of December. 
The WIND experience: 
The WIND experience: 
The website address is www.vancelebnews.com
The training experience includes hands-on, on-line, and classroom training offered through our corporate university. External candidates hired for this position will begin their career in a Sales Trainee program. The training program for current employees who are promoted into these positions will vary based on prior experience with the company. 
The TOC should feel confident in any class or level, from beginner to advanced. Applicants should have a university degree, a TESL Canada recognized certificate, experience, and a positive attitude towards international students of all ages. anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
The suitable candidates will have the following assets: merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
The successful candidate would have the following: job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
The successful candidate should be knowledgeable and talented in high-end floral design,  able to complete all necessary retail floral duties efficiently, and must have excellent communication/customer service skills with and outgoing personality.  
The successful candidate is energetic, proactive, and resourceful. He or she has good judgment and unquestionable discretion and integrity. Strong organizational skills and multi-tasking are essential. He or she is comfortable making decisions, and is not afraid to roll up their sleeves when the task requires. The ideal candidate is committed to being part of a fun, positive, high energy work environment, and wants to help create one by filling this key role.
The successful applicant will also have completed college/CEGEP/vocational school or university, and have formal training in marketing. 
The specific duties of the Administrative Assistant include:
The skills and qualifications required for this position include: 
The shoot dates are Friday, Saturday and Sunday from 10am - 6pm
The SharePoint Administrator will work closely with IS Custom Development staff, providing and receiving advice and support to ensure that development projects are correctly deployed into QA and production environments. The SharePoint Administrator will also work with IS Operations staff for all matters pertaining to hardware, OS, and databases.
The SharePoint administrator will play an active role in the support of all components of the SharePoint environment, including disaster recovery, backup & restore, performance analysis, and issue resolution. The administrator will assist in the design, architecture, availability, and reliability of current and future SharePoint environments and will document administrative tasks.
The SharePoint Administrator will be responsible for the operation and maintenance of client&#65533;s multiple MOSS 2007 environments and their interaction with other enterprise databases, web services, and applications. This position will also be instrumental in future migration to SharePoint 2010.
The Role: childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
The role requires the ability to network and build relationships with a wide variety of people, an interest in the financial services industry, and a desire to become a Certified Financial Planner. Post-secondary education and/or second language are assets. The qualities of the people we are looking for are: entrepreneurial, independent, motivated by a commission-based compensation structure, positive, outgoing, hardworking, ambitious, and caring. Please respond with your resume. 
The role involves development of an online application - documentation, database schemas, working with other team members, and other related tasks.
The Role
The Role
The Role
The right candidate will come with a proven track record of success in a in-bound call centre environment. 
The right candidate will come with a proven track record of success in a in-bound call centre environment. 
The right candidate must possess the following key criteria:
The right applicant must:
The Queensborough location is within walking distance of the 22nd St. Skytrain station and along bus routes from Surrey/Delta and Richmond.
The promotion starts in the end of November/ Early December and runs Thursday, Fridays, Saturdays 5 PM - 9 PM.  sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
The Position:
The position will be starting ASAP and running until December 17th. Our office is located at 355 Burrard Street, downtown. This is full-time work (37.5 hours per week), at $12 / hour plus bonus (based on results). 
The position will be based in Vancouver, however, travel throughout Metro Vancouver will be required. Successful candidates must have a valid drivers license. 
The position requires an individual possessing a highly creative, forward thinking mind, and exemplary communication skills, and a desire to work in a fast-paced industry with fabulous people. 
The position pays $14.00 hourly at 40 hours per week. It is a permanent position. 
The position is for a front counter attendant, Part time from 11:00 AM to 3:00 PM
The position is casual and is ideal for a student who is looking for a part time job to make extra cash. 
The position involves developing numerous modules for a variety of different web sites.
The perks: 
The perks 
The opportunity: 
The nanny&#65533;s responsibilities include mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
The minimum requirements for this position are as follows:
The message is peace, love, and joy.
The job duties include taking photos at weddings and other social functions, as well as editing the photos. 
the Industry leader in Hygiene seeks a 
The Ideal Person:
The ideal candidate will have project management experience as well as excellent communication and analytical skills.  Solidworks drafting skills and familiarity with AutoCad are required. An individual with effective organizational and multi-tasking abilities would be a perfect fit.
The ideal candidate will be able to attend 2-3 
The ideal candidate MUST have extensive experience taking minutes 
The ideal candidate must have experience on the phone and must be confident in their abilities.  sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
The ideal candidate must have 6+ years of ASP.NET and C# experience and 6+ years of web application experience.  
The ideal candidate must have 2+ years of ASP.NET and SQL Server experience.  Experience with PHP and Ruby on Rails is a strong nice to have.  
The ideal candidate has a passion for selling, an enthusiastic attitude and a dedication to customer service. You have experience managing, leading and building teams. 
The following job duties:
The Fastenal Company would like to invite ambitious, hard-working individuals to apply for the position of full-time Sales Trainee/Outside Sales. Applicants should be able to bring new ideas and improvements to business practices; remain fair, respectful and moral in all situations; and work well both independently and as part of a team. 
The duties and responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to: 
The Dr. Peter Centre is a healthcare facility with a 24-bed residence and an active Day Program serving people living with HIV/AIDS.
The Dr. Peter Centre is a healthcare facility with a 24-bed residence and an active Day Program serving people living with HIV/AIDS.
The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation offers a welcoming, respectful, rewarding and supportive work environment, full benefits package including dental, extended health, long term disability, AD&D, and an RRSP program for PT employees who are regularly scheduled for at least twelve (12) hours per week, and four (4) weeks annual vacation.
The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation offers a welcoming, respectful, rewarding and supportive work environment, full benefits package including dental, extended health, long term disability, AD&D, and an RRSP program for PT employees who are regularly scheduled for at least twelve (12) hours per week, and four (4) weeks annual vacation.
The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring Cooks to work on a casual basis.  Enjoy the freedom to design dishes from an established menu and serve a diverse population. Our chefs create and serve up to 100 nutritious meals twice daily between 7:30am &#65533; 6pm, 7 days a week.
The Digital Production Specialist is responsible for ensuring client-supplied files are suitable for printing.   Key responsibilities will include pre-flighting, colour correcting, proofing, impositions and typesetting.
-the day you come is very flexible! hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
The cover letter with your interest is very important to us. Really tell us about you and the thing you like to do in you spare time.  
The contract is from November 29 to December 10.
The Company
the chef cook the meal at the event or warm it up at the event.
The Candidate
The Canadian Cancer Society is recruiting at least 120 volunteers to assist with the sale of Christmas trees at the IKEA Richmond. 
The best part about this role is the individual you report to.  He has been on the forefront of building top-notch teams throughout North America.  He has a hands-off approach, allowing his team to take ownership of the projects.  If there is something neat you&#65533;d like to do, show him the business case, and it&#65533;s all yours!
the approximate area in which you live. <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
The applicant should have experience with all aspects of producition baking including: muffins, scones, cupcakes, loaves, cookies, bars, squares, bread, buns and everything else under the rainbow!
The 500 Staffing Inc. thank all applicants who apply, only those whose experience and skill sets match the requirements will be contacted for an interview.
The 25th is just around the corner, and this is the last week we are looking to hire before the NEW YEAR!
Thanks.
Thanks,
Thanks! 
Thanks!
thanks 
Thanks
Thank you. 
thank you.  hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you. steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
Thank you.
thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
thank you, look forward to hearing from you.
Thank you, and we hope to meet you soon.
Thank you, and we hope to meet you soon.
Thank you, 
thank you,
Thank you, <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you to all candidates. Only candidates that are being considered will be contacted. steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
Thank you for your willingness to lend your hands and heart this holiday season to help us with our mission of eradicating cancer and enhancing the life of people living with cancer. 
Thank you for your time.
Thank you for your submission. Subserveo will only contact selected applicants. cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
Thank you for your submission. Subserveo will only contact selected applicants.
Thank you for your interest. Due to the volume of applicants, only those short listed will receive a response. Should you not receive a response and you are confident you can perform the requirements of the position, please feel free to send a cover letter outlining how your work experience meets our client's requirements.
Thank you for your interest.
Thank you for your interest. killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Thank you for your interest.
Thank you for your interest, and taking the time to apply. We look forward to hearing from you!
Thank you for your interest in Aldeasa but only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Thank you for your interest however only applicants that have been short-listed will be contacted.
Thank you for making Miles a part of your job search! 
Thank you
thank you info@wespacelectric.com
Thank you
Testing:  
TESOL Certificate
Terms:
Terms of Employment: Permanent, Full Time gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Terms of Employment is Permanent, Full Time, Weekend, Day, Evening 
Technology troubleshooting: Assesses computer and technology problems and co-ordinates with the appropriate experts as necessary.
teamwork, 
Team Work:  The ability to work effectively with others to achieve optimal results.
Tax Services 
Tax Services 
TASKS:
Tasks include trashing, wiping, polishing, dusting, mopping, vacuuming.  applications at plan dot ca
tasks for long periods of time.  Speed is essential.    Experience in a printing environment preferred.   We offer a good working environment with a great team of co-workers.
Talk to you soon,
Take notes for the doctors
Take every opportunity to improve customer retention 
Take customers' orders,  gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Support Workers - Must have a class 4 drivers license
Support of the creative process include:
Support in setting up the technical architecture and tools of the product. 
Support and maintenance of Windows Server 2008 and MS-SQL Server is by others, but this position may be called upon to provide assistance.
Supervise and co-ordinate activities of staff 
Sunday 6pm-10:30pm
Sunday & Holiday: 11am &#65533; 8pm
Successful candidates will have: 
Successful candidates will have a highly proficient ability to carry out conceptual and detail quantity take-offs for the preparation of accurate construction estimates; 
Successful candidates will demonstrate the following qualifications: 
Successful candidate will be familiar with Adobe Indesign, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Acrobat Professional and Microsoft Office.
Successful applicant must be fitness oriented, enthusiastic, and possess excellent phone and communication skills.
Success will be measure by:
Submit resume (relevant experience, training/formal education) plus cover letter by email to the above email address. 
Strong Windows Server, IIS7+, and MOSS Administration Skills (Mandatory)  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Strong spoken and written English a must, must able to write legible daily and incident reports
Strong sense of Art Design and Photography required.
Strong sense of Art Design and Photography required.
Strong people skills and the ability to work independently 
Strong computer skills including word, excel and e-mailing 
Strong computer skills and spectacular design creativity 
Strong attention to detail, and strong organizational and multi-tasking skills. 
Stock refrigerators and salad bars, 
Stay current on competitor products and pricing. 
STATUS: PERMANENT FULL TIME 
-Starting pay will depend on experience. Minimum $12/hr and 15-20 hours/week to start on training 
Starting Date : Mid. November.
Starting Date : Mid. November.
Starting Date &#65533; November Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
START NOW!! 
Start from 5 PM to 11 PM
Start Date: As Soon As Possible!
Start Date: As soon as possible 
Start Date: as soon as possible minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
Staff Responsibility: 1 - 20
Specific Skills: Supervise and care for child. Bathe, dress and feed him .Organize activities such as games and outings for child. Read to child. Prepare and serve nutritious meals. Sterilize bottles, prepare formulas and change diapers. Perform light housekeeping and cleaning duties, child supervision and light housekeeping duties. Maintain a safe and healthy environment in the home. Tend to emotional well-being of our son. Discipline according to the methods requested by us the parents. Take him to appointments. Keep records of daily activities and health information regarding our son.
Specific Skills: Plan, organize and direct daily operations, Establish and implement policies and procedures, Plan, develop and implement recruitment strategies, Manage contracts, Manage training and development strategies, Oversee the analysis of employee data and information, Oversee development of communication strategies, Oversee the preparation of reports, Advise senior management, Respond to employee questions and complaints
Specific Skills: 
Specialization and Skills:    
Speak English, Read English, Write English 
Speak English, Read English, Write English salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
spadejavu.ca 
Sound like the perfect job for you? Send us your resume, apply at BostonPizza.com or come in to Boston Pizza New West today, Friday or Saturday between 2 and 4pm and ask for Kelsey. 
Sorry but my client only wants to meet candidates with extensive banking or credit union experience. 
Sometimes I will respond to these postings but just give them an edited CV without my name or contact info just the tease them. I use my junk gmail account for this. resume_at_studentyardworks_dot_com
Someone who is motivated, independent, a good team player and outgoing. 
Some long days but with extra days off.
Some janitorial *and* driving experience required
Some experience necessary.
some barista experience required (will train)
Solid track record of accurately estimating and meeting dadlines  ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
soliciting sub-trades and supplier quotations, preparing and submitting tenders and submitting tenders and proposals,  info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
Software Development Sharepoint 2 - 4 years 
So if you want to write/ blog for us, or have a story you think we&#65533;d be interested in, we want to hear from you. 
So contact us about becoming an Investors Group Consultant. Find out why Investors Group was rated the #1 Full Service Dealer in the financial planning industry*, and how we can help bring you personal and professional rewards far beyond those associated with a traditional job. 
Small mfg company looking for extra hands with the following attributes:
Sloppy work and/or tardiness/unexcused absences from the jobsite assigned will not be tolerated. Must be able to follow directions. 
Skin Care Specialist (facials and body treatments) - full or part time (trained in Universal Contour Wrap preferred)
Skills:  childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
Skills:
Skills:
Skills/Certificates:
Skills and qualifications required to be successful in this role include: 
Skills & Qualifications
SKILLED YOU: job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
Skilled and experienced in content writing
Skill Requirements: 
Skill Requirements:
Skill Requirements:
Situation:
Sincerely, nwwf@shawbiz.ca
shows with a proven record of customer service success gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Short term goals:
Shoot is from 10:30-4pm
Shit starts at 2.00PM
Shipping 
Shiny You.
Shifts starts Monday - Friday 11 am - 5 pm depends on work
Shifts are Saturday and Sunday from 6:30am -10:30am
Shifts are on a Casual On Call basis. 
Shifts are from friday at 9:00am to monday at 9:00am, three consecutive 24 hour shifts. 
Shifts are casual on call. 
Shifts are 3 &#65533; 4 hours during the times below: 
Shift: Monday/Tuesday/Wednesday  9am- 1pm
Shift from M - F, 
sf2605@gmail.com 
Several years of experience; Cook will have to preform all of these duties:
Several positions available at a variety of seniority levels.
Setting up the breakfast in our lobby
Serving It Right number an asset.
serving food in a very good presentation
Server Must 
SERVER in training: <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Serve customers at counters or buffet tables, 
Serious interests only please, this is a junior management position. 
Serious inquiries only.
Serious inquiries only.
Serious applicants only. Must be very reliable!!!! Good luck!  winnie-li24@hotmail.com
Serious applicants only!
SEO - building content and links to our website to increase our rating in online search engines. <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Send your resume only if you are flexible !
Send your resume and cover letter to: salesrep@itfrontdesk.com . Thank you. 
Send your resume and cover letter to: salesrep@itfrontdesk.com . Thank you.
Send your resume and cover email to: cdecouto@nsb.com.
Send resume with cover letter:
Send resume attn: Telemarketing Manager 
Send me your resume
Send cover letter outlining marketing experience and salary expectations to:   victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
Send cover letter and resume to service@derosaauto.ca Fax: 604-990-1068 and call Ryan or Ian at 604-988-2239. 
Sell us on why we should hire you! Check us out at www.sani-service.com
seeking high quality individuals for the position 
Security and Safety: Criminal record check  bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
SECONDARY: 
Scope of the Role:
School Age Assistant
Scheduling, co-pay collection and charge entry
Scheduled Hours: Permanent, Full time - 40 hours per week, Weekdays contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
Schedule: 
Schedule:  mhr85@shaaw.ca
Schedule:
Saturday:               9:00AM <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 13th @ 5pm nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Saturday & Sunday: 10:30am-5:30pm
Saturday & Sunday: 10:30am-5:30pm salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
Saturday & Sunday 11:00 am &#65533; 5:00 pm
Sani-Service, a locally owned thriving hygiene co. since 1995 
SANI-SERVICE victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
Same goes for employees. We believe that you can&#65533;t have happy customers without a passionate, motivated team. So we&#65533;re going to spend as much time and energy on creating a rewarding and fulfilling employee experience as we are on creating an unforgettably positive customer experience. Want to be part of a brand new day in Canadian wireless? Then be part of WIND Mobile. 
Same goes for employees. We believe that you can&#65533;t have happy customers without a passionate, motivated team. So we&#65533;re going to spend as much time and energy on creating a rewarding and fulfilling employee experience as we are on creating an unforgettably positive customer experience. Want to be part of a brand new day in Canadian wireless? Then be part of WIND Mobile.  hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
Salt Spring Coffee Co. is a value driven organization with a commitment to environmental and socially responsible business practices, and a reputation for roasting and serving the finest organic and fair-trade coffee available anywhere.
Salons 
Salons 
Sales Associate &#65533; Commission  salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
Sales Associate &#65533; Commission
Salary: $8.00 Hourly for 40 hours per week, Medical Benefits 
Salary: $62,000.00 Yearly, for 40.00 Hours per week
Salary:  $26/hr
Salary:  $26/hr
SALARY:    $18.39 per hours to start.  Positions are covered by the Health Community Sector Collective Agreement (BCGEU).
SALARY:    $18.39 per hours to start.  Positions are covered by the Health Community Sector Collective Agreement (BCGEU).
Salary: 
Salary: enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
SALARY/WAGE Base Wage 
Salary will be based on experience ($14-$22/hr)
Salary & Benefits
run starts at 10PM &#65533; 8 + hours per day. 
Role and Responsibilities are: 
RMT (Registered Massage Therapist) - full time (will have instant clientele from our existing customers)
Reviewable candidates;
Review software requirements and design detailed test cases based on requirements ensuring sufficient coverage and correctness <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Retail Sales Associate for in-aisle selling and demonstration with in an assigned retailer 
Retail customer service experience. 
resume and we will contact you back as soon 
Results-driven with the motivation to meet customer&#65533;s needs 
Responsible.  Good with numbers.
Responsibilities: 
Responsibilities: 
Responsibilities: 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Responsibilities: 
Responsibilities: 
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities will include: 
Responsibilities will include:
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:  resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
Responsibilities will include standard web updates and social network communications; the development of strong, active online communities; and documenting and reporting of task items. 
Responsibilities to include but not limited to:
Responsibilities include: 
Responsibilities include:
Responsibilities include Daily account visits, Customer quality assurance, managing cleaning contractors, training, account start ups etc. 
Responsibilities 
Responsibilities  servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Responsibilities
Responsibilities victor@goldsgymbc.ca
Response Solutions is one of North America&#65533;s leading Sales Services organizations committed to working with Manufacturers and Retailers to provide ultimate success of brands and business by connecting with target consumers wherever they may play, shop, work or live. 
Requires knowledge of tractor trailers, dump trucks, loading equipment and side dump trailers 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
REQUIREMENTS: 
REQUIREMENTS:  resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
Requirements: 
Requirements:  mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
Requirements: 
Requirements:  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Requirements:  <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Requirements:  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Requirements: 
Requirements: 
Requirements:
Requirements: <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Requirements: merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
Requirements: salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
Requirements: sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements: careers at securiguard dot com
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements:
Requirements:
requirements needed for working in either the Front of House or Back of House operations.  
Requirements include but not limited to the following:
Requirements for all positions are: 
Requirements for :
Requirements for :
Requirements are: 
Requirements ..  mgurumet at futureshop dot com
Requirements 
REQUIREMENTS 
Requirements
Requirements
Requirements
Requirement: 
REQUIRED SKILLS:
Required Skills/Abilities:
Required Skills, Knowledge and Abilities 
REQUIRED SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE & ABILITIES: 
Required Skills Knowledge and Abilities  <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Required Skills & Experience:
Required Skills lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
Required Skill Set:  killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
Required Qualifications
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE  jobs at blackbearpub dot com
Required Education: High School Graduate or Equivalent 
Reports directly to:
Reporting to the Store Manager, the Retail Sales Consultants will be accountable for achieving the personal sales goals and customer service performance standards through a combination of: new customer sales, accessory sales, up-selling of new features and services and excellent customer satisfaction feedback. mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Reporting to the Production Supervisor and Distribution Manager, this individual is responsible for the operation and supervision of the narcotics area, including functions involved in all aspects of controlled and/or restricted drug distribution across all operating shifts.
Reporting to the President and Board of Directors, the Administrative Coordinator position will appeal to an individual who has a can-do attitude, functions well independently and thrives in a multi-tasked environment.  The coordinator will be the main point of contact for members of the Lupus Society, volunteers, funding agencies, sponsors, and donors.  The successful candidate must demonstrate excellence in customer service and show care and concern in interpersonal communications. 
Reporting to the Plant Manager, this position will be responsible to work along side the Plant Coordinator in the operation of the shipping and receiving department by loading and unloading trucks, scheduling couriers, packaging materials and products for shipping.  The ideal candidate will collaboratively work in a team atmosphere maintaining a healthy and safe work environment at all times. victor@goldsgymbc.ca
Reporting to the owner, the coordinator will be responsible for all efforts pertaining to a variety of online promotional activities as well as support for online communities and events. 
Reporting to the Maintenance Manager, the Maintenance Mechanic is responsible for the maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair of facility machinery and building infrastructure. 
Reporting to the Facilities Retail Operations Manager, the Conference Sales Coordinator will be Responsible for the sales revenue from the use of SUB Facilities, including meeting space, concourse space, vendor fairs, casual vendor space, Summer Marketplace vendor fairs and various services
Reporting to the Director of Technical Operations, you will be responsible for all areas of Project Management including design, drawing, manufacturing instructions and quality documents.  Design and estimation will be performed using the company's proprietary software.  Customer service experience is essential as regular interaction with customers, suppliers and shop personnel in Sales and Production will be the basis of this multi-faceted position. jobs at blackbearpub dot com
Reporting to the Chief Finance Officer, the role is responsible for providing various accounting services: mid-sized ERP implementation, accounts payable, capital budgeting, financial analysis and database functions to support the delivery of an aggressive business strategy, developing and maintaining the capital budget and capital plan.  <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Reporting into the Senior Controller, you will carry out a wide range of duties that may change over time.
Reporting directly to the program Supervisor, the School Age Assistant will work directly within the school age program facilitating activities for children ages 5 to 12.   administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
Reply with info and resume please merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
Reply with a little info on your background and time of availability. 
Reply to: job-yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org [Errors when replying to ads?]
Reply to: job-wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org [Errors when replying to ads?]
Reply to this message with resume/references.  <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
reliable, team player, must be able to work in a fast pace enviroment, honest and dependable.
Reliable and able to work independently
Reliable and able to work independently
Relationship development with key retail personnel 
Refilling the breakfast items as required
Recruitment Coordinator
Recognition programs and career excellence rewards. 
Receptionists:
Receptionists:
Reception: Answering phones, greeting guests, managing couriers and shipping / receiving. hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
Receiving 
Rec. Therapists:
Rec. Therapists:
Realtors 
Realtors 
Randstad&#65533;s Light Industrial Support division out of Burnaby is growing fast!
Quay Property Management Corp. ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
Quality customer service is required at all times.  Knowledge and/or willingness to learn about the company's eco-friendly benefits is essential.  
Qualities that will ensure your success: 
Qualities that will ensure your success: 
Qualified applicants are invited to submit a resume and cover letter including salary expectations. All applications will be held in strict confidence.  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Qualifications;
QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum Grade 12 plus two years recent related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience.  Must have current Basic First Aid Certificate, Crisis Intervention Skills training an asset.   Demonstrated knowledge/familiarity with related resources such as Mental Health System, Welfare System, and Addiction Support organizations.  Demonstrated suitability to work with disadvantaged and challenging adults in a diverse environment.  Demonstrated ability to work independently.  Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.  Demonstrated physical/mental ability to perform the duties of the job.  Demonstrated ability to deal with others effectively.  Demonstrated ability to operate related equipment.  Demonstrated ability to provide work direction and to understand and maintain client/worker boundaries.  A minimum of two years sobriety is required if substance misuse a past problem.  The job functions require a reasonably high degree of confidentiality and concentrated mental and written attention.  Limited external work may occur.  The job duties are complex and may have a few disagreeable factors.  Use of an automobile may at times be useful.  This position is team oriented.
QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum Grade 12 plus two years recent related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience.  Must have current Basic First Aid Certificate, Crisis Intervention Skills training an asset.   Demonstrated knowledge/familiarity with related resources such as Mental Health System, Welfare System, and Addiction Support organizations.  Demonstrated suitability to work with disadvantaged and challenging adults in a diverse environment.  Demonstrated ability to work independently.  Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.  Demonstrated physical/mental ability to perform the duties of the job.  Demonstrated ability to deal with others effectively.  Demonstrated ability to operate related equipment.  Demonstrated ability to provide work direction and to understand and maintain client/worker boundaries.  A minimum of two years sobriety is required if substance misuse a past problem.  The job functions require a reasonably high degree of confidentiality and concentrated mental and written attention.  Limited external work may occur.  The job duties are complex and may have a few disagreeable factors.  Use of an automobile may at times be useful. Ability to travel to variety of sites required. This position is team oriented.
Qualifications:  
QUALIFICATIONS:  resumes@fraserway.com
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
QUALIFICATIONS:  resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
QUALIFICATIONS: 
Qualifications:
Qualifications: industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications: jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
QUALIFICATIONS:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
QUALIFICATIONS:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications:
Qualifications/Experience: enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
Qualifications include:
Qualifications for this role:
Qualifications and Requirements:
Qualifications &#65533; Nice to Have:
Qualifications  <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Qualifications 
Qualifications  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
QUALIFICATIONS 
Punjabi/English & Cantonese/English & Mandarin/English <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
PS ... Please mention in your covering letter any relevant experience that may not be reflected in your resume.  Help us see why you&#65533;re the one!
provide the rapidly growing Mac user community with professional assistance tailored to their every need.  minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
provide resume
Provide regular update and feedback to project supervisor on implementation success, potential delays and technical problems that could arise so as to help achieve goals. 
Provide guidance and training to employees working in the Narcotics area and ensure all employees work in a safe and efficient manner.
Provide excellent customer service 
Provide excellent customer service 
Provide clear and concise technical documentation for internal and external use. 
Proven Training System
Proven experience bidding institutional, commercial and civil projects in the $5 to $20 million dollar or larger is essential. 
Property Description:  Middle Beach Lodge is situated on 40 acres of pristine west coast wilderness it is a 64 unit lodge which offers a high level of amenities and services in a casual setting. The lodge has a dining room that serves buffet style dinners from 2 to 5 times a week. We offer an opportunity to Live, Work and Play on the Wild West Coast. Keep in mind it's more then just a job it's a lifestyle!
Project management  
Project management <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Programming Languages:
Proficiency in MS Word & Excel. You prefer an industrial, casual/jeans working environment to a formal, corporate style office. 
Proficiency in MS Excel and Word. 
Professional attitude, pleasant and willing to help servers. chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
Professional  attitude
Production duties will include printing to digital colour presses and large format inkjet printers plus various finishing tasks including drymounting, trimming, and collating.  Eye for detail and quality are essential.
Product profile enhancement 
Product Knowledge:  Thorough understanding of the components required in providing quality care
Product demonstration 
Processing Of Mortgage Applications
procedures are performed according to guidelines
PROBATIONARY/TRIAL PERIOD: Shall be 3 months/488 hours in length with reviews held at the mid and end point of the Period.  Conditional on satisfactory service, the employee shall be confirmed permanent. Unsatisfactory reviews shall end the employment.
PROBATIONARY/TRIAL PERIOD: Shall be 3 months/488 hours in length with reviews held at the mid and end point of the Period.  Conditional on satisfactory service, the employee shall be confirmed in the position until the term ends. Unsatisfactory reviews shall end the employment. resume_at_studentyardworks_dot_com
Prior registration is required (no walk-ins).  ID will be checked at the door.
Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. 
Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
PRIMARY: Cold-calling/ lead generation will make up approx. 60% of sales duties
Primary Responsibilities:
Primary Responsibilities:
Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Price products and stock shelves  hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
Price products and stock shelves 
Previous experience in fitness and reception is an asset. nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Previous experience in a commission environment 
President, BC Lupus Society 
Prepare, heat and finish simple food items, 
Prepare charts killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Preferred Experience:  gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Preference will be given to those with experience.
Preferably live on the North Shore. 
Potential applicants must be; 
Potential applicants must be; info@wespacelectric.com
Post-secondary (Finance/Taxation courses) 
PostingID: 2051598487 <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
PostingID: 2047163377
Posted by Mark Budworth of Shacho Consulting, please look me up on Linkedin 
Posted by Mark Budworth of Shacho Consulting, please look me up on Linkedin 
Position: Technical Writer
Position: Korean cook,  resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
Position: Health Care Assistant Instructor 
Position: full time Food Service Supervisor bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
Position: Cook  enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
POSITION:  
POSITION:  
Position will start in January 2011
Position Summary:
POSITION QUALIFICATIONS: 
Position Overview  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Position is full time and permanent Please email resumes to;
Position includes: customer service, floor sales, inventory checkup, re-stocking, and cashier work 
Position includes salary plus production based incentive plan. sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
Position anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
Position
Posibilities for advancement
Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom. We align ourselves with our customers as partners to assist them in 
Portion and wrap foods, Package take-out food, 
Pool Services 
Pool Services 
Police Foundations Certificate (completed or in progress) an asset 
Pls Ask For Meagan.
Please, no phone calls about this job!  gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Please, no phone calls about this job!
Please visit www.plan.ca for more information 
Please visit www.plan.ca for more information
Please visit www.mollymaid.ca to view videos from staff members about working with us, and for detailed information on the company and what we do.
Please visit our Careers page and follow the instructions to apply. Be sure to include a cover page outlining your technical aptitude and any applicable anecdotes. 
Please submit your resume using the link below:
Please submit your resume to this link and note ESTIMATOR on the subject line. 
Please submit your resume to this link and note ESTIMATOR on the subject line. 
Please submit your resume in confidence by email.
Please state the position for which you&#65533;re are applying and salary expectations in your cover letter.  info at deepssunshinecleaning dot com
Please state the position for which you&#65533;re are applying and salary expectations in your cover letter. 
Please specify electrical estimator application in email subject line.
Please sign in to ""IHC LOGIN"" with your selected user name and password. Here you can begin to explore all of the necessary information.  sf2605 at gmail dot com
Please send your resume, we will be contact you for an intervew.
please send your resume with cover letter to:
Please send your resume to maria@saltspringcoffee.com or come into the Cafe at 4295 Main St.  . 
Please send your resume to lawfirm2000@hotmail.com, Thank you for your interest. gary at quayproperty dot net
Please send your resume and salary requirements to careers@contacservices.com
Please send your resume and portfolio to hr.marqui@gmail.com&#65533;@or Fax 604-682-7394
Please send your resume (quoting reference #10-1100C) by email to hdhatt@gvcss.bc.ca, or fax to (604) 737-2922
Please send your cover letter and resume via email (by clicking on the ""reply to"" link at the top of this page) to: 
Please send your application with a covering letter and resum&#65533; to josie.bradley@bclupus.org
Please send us your resume and we can go from there, thanks 
Please send us your resume and we can go from there, thanks 
Please send us your resume and our staff will be in touch with you. 
Please send us your resume and our staff will be in touch with you. 
Please send us your resume and a short paragraph of your experience tutoring or / and teaching. 
Please send us an email with some recent photos of yourself, as well as your resume copied and pasted directly into the email.  CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
Please send resumes attention Trish or Loc at 604-888-5964
Please send resume: alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
Please send resume. I am looking to be paying for the chef's labour and I can 
Please send resume with all contact information
Please send resume with 3 references to - alder.medical.clinic@telus.net
Please send resume to mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
Please send resume and COVER LETTER 
Please send resume and COVER LETTER
Please send resume / portfolio to CICADTechnologies@gmail.com
Please send resume  
Please send resume
Please send CVs to jobs@autoboxmedia.com
Please send a resume with you experience
Please send a resume with a cover letter confirming the above-noted requirements. Please also set 
Please send a resume which details education, employment, personal interests and skills.  A personal cover letter that lets me know why you feel you would be a good candidate is required.  Experience will be considered but will train the right applicants.  I look forward to hearing from you.
Please send a resume in strict confidence if interested 
Please send a resume in strict confidence if interested 
Please send a quick email over if you're interested, summarizing your past experience, your interest in the work I described above, and your availability. 
Please send a detailed resume to the email address noted above OR visit us online at: www.futureshop.ca  <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Please send a covering letter with your resume stating whether you would prefer four days (Thursday, Friday, Saturday & Sunday) or two days only being Saturday and Sunday. <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Please send a brief cover letter with your number.
Please save this information for future reference. heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
Please respond with your resume, availability and the number of hours you are looking for.
Please respond with the type of equipment and your hourly rate. 
Please respond via e-mail to blair@mills.ca with salary expectations. mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Please respond by Monday, November 15, 2010.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Please reply with resume for this Accounting position. 
Please reply with resume and references to:
Please reply with phone number and E-mail. Will start this week.
Please reply with e-mail and phone number. Can start this week. <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Please reply with coverletter stating the days and hours you are available. 
Please reply with coverletter stating the days and hours you are available. 
Please reply with a resume.
Please reply to this post. 
Please reply to the e-mail above.
Please reply me with pictures......and phone number ..
Please reply in writing to:
Please reference position title when applying 
Please put &#65533;Forklift Operator - Rchmd, Delta&#65533; in the subject line, along with your first & last name. Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
Please provide:
please provide resume
Please provide education, work history, and phone number for an interview. 
Please provide a resume and cover letter stating why you are the best candidate for this position and how your skills and experience fit the above requirements. Email applications in Rich Text or PDF format.
Please provide a list of your skills, experience, and a phone number for a phone interview.
Please only serious applicants need apply (pls only send 1 resume). **Looking for Someone who can Start this Friday - Doing interviews over the next Few Days***
Please only apply if you are interested in this position as a permanent position.
Please note that while we thank all the candidates who show their interests for this position, we regret that we are only able to contact a selected number of candidates.
Please note that experience in development or commercial/retail property accounting is a must.  Excellent salary and benefits provided. If interested in this unique role, please apply to Anna Norrstrom at anna.norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com. 
Please make sure your Resumes include all relevant work experience. jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
Please make an appointment at: 604-986-5613 for a job interview. info@wespacelectric.com
Please look at Darren's Story (#3 on the Home page) to learn more about the Community Connector role www.plan.ca. Please submit a cover letter with YOUR interests; how you connect with your friends, family and community plus your resume. We look forward to hearing from you. Email applications@plan.ca
Please log onto our website to apply for this position.  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
Please let us know which specific area you could go and teach. 
Please include references. <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Please include photo of yours in mail. And also time for availability. 
Please forward your resume, along with salary expectations, to us at the above address or resumes@jacobsensecretarial.com with the title &#65533;Temporary Family Law&#65533; in the subject line.
Please forward your resume with cover letter to:
Please forward you resume and cover letter in confident. merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
Please forward you resume and cover letter in confidence. 
Please forward resume and cover letter in PDF or Word format to hr@arcteryx.com, quoting &#65533;1011-COR-crg&#65533; in the subject line.  info@wespacelectric.com
Please forward Cover Letter and Resume to email link above. Only short listed applicants will be contacted. Thank you. chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
Please forward  applications as a reply to this positing or fax to 604-534-2005. <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Please fax your resume to 604-521-4811 or email info@wespacelectric.com
Please fax your resume to 604-521-4811 or email info@wespacelectric.com
Please fax resume to 604 929 1125.
Please fax resume including clean drivers to 604-321-8515 
Please email your resume. OPENINGS ARE LIMITED.
Please email your resume, and cover letter stating why you are the right candidate for this position.  <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Please email your resume to the email provided above.
Please email your resume to the email provided above.
Please email your resume to the above address. Shortlisted applicants will be contacted for interview.  applications at plan dot ca
Please email your resume to steve.lesway@mollymaid.ca or fax to 604-241-9481
Please email your resume to Crystal or Sandra at the following email address:
PLEASE EMAIL YOUR RESUME PLUS A COVER LETTER with why you think you would be a good fit with us...plus your available work days - times....Thanks for you time & Interest.
Please email your resume directly to mgurumet@futureshop.com and include contact information.
Please email your resume ASAP. Only qualified candidates will be contacted.
Please e-mail your resume and only those that meet our requirements will be contacted for an interview
Please email your resume and include wage expectation.
Please email your resume and cover letter with &#65533;Conference Sales Coordinator&#65533; in the subject line
Please email your resume and cover letter by Nov 17, 2010 with the email subject heading &#65533;Sales Assistant&#65533;. <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Please email your resume and cover letter by Nov 17, 2010 with the email subject heading &#65533;Office Assistant&#65533;.
Please email your resume and cover letter and mention your availability. sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
Please email your resume and cover letter and mention your availability.
Please email your resume and a cover letter stating your salary expectations.
Please email your resume anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
Please e-mail your application to Human Resources.  We ask that all applicants send their resume in an MS Word document quoting job number 3220 and title in the subject line. In order to be considered for employment at CGC, candidates selected for interviews will be required to show proof of citizenship, permanent residence or eligibility to work in Canada with no restrictions.
Please email turningbrakes@yahoo.ca if interested with current resume
Please E-Mail to winnie_li24@hotmail.com Thank you!
Please email resumes
Please email resume@studentyardworks.com for more information. 
Please email resume and only those chosen for an interview will be contacted. Thank you for your interest.
Please Email resume
Please email me with your portfolio as I need a partner to do a Request for proposal.
Please email cover letter and resume. Include hourly wage requirement.
Please email cover letter and resume to email address referenced above.
Please email back describing your education, experience, criminal record, etc...........
Please email a resume MS word to jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com and quote on subject line ""Food Machinery Technician, B213-VL"". CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
Please drop off resume and cover letter in person to #101-2880 West 4th Ave. For any further inquires, please call Dionne, Office Manger at 604-731-6679 between 12pm and 2pm Monday to Friday or visit our website for more information at www.kitssportschiro.com.
please drop by or call i would be happy to set up a meeting with you for all the details,
please do not respond if you aren't able to work 4 days. nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests. <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.
Please contact us a.s.a.p if you have these experiences.
Please contact the above email address and include your resume and demo reel/examples of current work.
Please contact the above email address and include your resume and demo reel/examples of current work.
Please contact Joel at Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com to apply, or visit www.mosaicjobs.com. <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
please contact for details
Please call us at 604-876-7484 during &#65533;9:00 am &#65533; 6:00pm&#65533; we will not answer before or after these hours
Please call Manager @ 604-538-7710  or reply by email. South Surrey/White Rock.
Please call Laura to sert up interview 778 552 0960
please call 604-329-7201 cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
Please attach a cover letter and resume
Please arrive at the store located on cambie and 41st 
Please apply with resume.  Thank you
Please apply via the provided e-mail
Please apply to this with a current resume and abstract. 
Please apply online by visiting http://www.86network.com/jobs-available/jobdetails.aspx?jobid'=140&jobtitle'=Host%28ess%29
Please apply online by visiting http://www.86network.com/jobs-available/jobdetails.aspx?jobid'=139&jobtitle'=Expeditor
Please apply online by visiting http://www.86network.com/jobs-available/jobdetails.aspx?jobid'=138&jobtitle'=Server
Please apply in writing, with cover letter and resume, quoting competition # CC10-SAA-721-PPT13.5 by November 18, 2010. Consideration of applications will begin immediately. Applications should be sent to:
PLEASE apply in person at store or directly on craiglist with subject line - Assistant Manager - Park Royal Shopping Centre 
PLEASE apply in person at store or directly on craiglist with subject line - 3rd Keyholder job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
Please apply in person at our hiring hall:
Please apply in person at our hiring hall:
Please apply in person at our hiring hall:
Please apply in person at our hiring hall: victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
Please apply in person at our hiring hall 
Please apply in person at our hiring hall 
Please apply in person at our hiring hall  coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
Please apply in person at our hiring hall 
Please apply in person at our hiring hall
PLEASE apply directly on craiglist with subject line - Assistant Manager - Park Royal Shopping Centre 
Please apply by Nov 12th @ 9am Interviews next week  ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
Please Apply by Nov 11th - 9pm Interviews next week ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
Please apply by forwarding your resume and cover letter to this posting.
Pleasant personality
Placement:  
Picking Orders
Physical Demands:
Physical demands:
Peter job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
Permanent Residents and Canadian Citizens are encouraged to apply
Perm. position with guaranteed f/t hrs: M&#65533;F, 9-5. 
Performance, Innovation, Customer Focus, Integrity&#65533;..Web Tech Wireless 
Perform well & you&#65533;ll have all the security & success you deserve! 
Pay Rate: $12/hour for first 3 months, $14/hour after probationary period (Medical and Health Benefits are available after a 6 month probationary period)
Pay Rate - $TBA
Patient and caring <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Pastry jobs may not be under the exact same scale as the standard hierarchy but they are a beautiful and insanely talented bunch in their own right.
Passionate about health, wellness and/or sports nutrition 
Passionate about health, wellness and/or sports nutrition  resumes@fraserway.com
Passion for Food Service and People
Part-Time NCLEX Instructors 
Part-Time GMAT, GRE, LSAT, DAT, and MCAT Instructors (6-20 hrs/wk)  heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
Participate to the review of client organization, processes and workflows and contribute to the proposal of a &#65533;post-picture&#65533; to maximize the benefit from products. 
Participate in functional testing to support User Acceptance Testing (UAT). 
part time/ with full time opportunity 20 to 30 hrs a week/ competitive wages 
part time/ full time opportunity
Parking Enforcement Officers are charged with the responsibility of enforcing by-laws as proposed and sanctioned by UBC. This is inspectional, regulatory and investigational work entailing public relations and liaison tasks in which the incumbent exercises independent judgment, action, and tact. 
Papa Murphy's International is the fifth-largest pizza chain in the country and the pioneer and leader of the take 'n' bake pizza segment. Papa Murphy's operates over 1,200 franchised and corporate-owned locations in 32 states and Canada. Papa Murphy&#65533;s offers custom-made pizzas featuring high-quality fresh toppings generously layered on pizza dough that is made fresh each morning in each store.  Papa Murphy's has been voted &#65533;Best Pizza Chain in America&#65533; seven consecutive years by consumers nationwide in the Restaurants and Institutions &#65533;Consumers' Choice in Chains&#65533; survey and is a four-time recipient of Pizza Today&#65533;s Chain of the Year award, most recently in 2009. 
Paid Training provided. <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Paid training for suitable candidates
Paid per job set up. 
Paid per job set up for company.
Paid each week.
Paid each week.
Pacific Coast Information Systems team is looking forward to seeing your resume. industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
P/T TO START WILL BE F/T AFTER 1 MONTH OF TRAINING. STARTING PAY $12/HR + GAS ALLOWANCE + TIPS + GREAT BONUSES AND INCENTIVES. WE ARE ONLY LOOKING FOR THE BEST! 
P/T or F/T, flex days and hrs. from Tuesday to Saturday.
Owner hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
OVERVIEW: 
Overview 
Oversee the efficient running of Earthsave Canada&#65533;s office, including bookkeeping; develop efficient systems; formalize routines; oversee volunteers; and provide administrative support for campaigns and programs.  jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Oversee all maintenance requirements. 
Outstanding communication skills 
Outstanding communication (able to develop relationships with internal and external customers) 
Outgoing and Fun 
out your availability in hours as well as your ideal schedule. 
Out of town work contract 2 wks.&#65533; ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
Out of town accomodation and food provided&#65533;
OUT Bound Call/Sales Centre  lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
Our working environment is fast paced, energetic, team oriented and not your typical &#65533;9-5&#65533; atmosphere. Also, there is absolutely NO YAWNING ALLOWED! We believe that, in order for an organization to succeed, everyone in it must be inspired and motivated towards the same goals. 
Our work time is from 6:00 AM TO 2:30 PM
Our work is both indoor and outdoor.  We have several sites and jobs running at this time. jobs at blackbearpub dot com
Our team, headed by industry icon Angus Reid, leads the world in interactive research. We&#65533;re growing fast, developing cutting-edge technology and research techniques that bring clients the insight they need to get inspired, be innovative and make bankable decisions. wb45@wokbox.ca
Our team members include people like you - enthusiastic, innovative, passionate and energetic. We believe that you'll find our high-performance culture personally fulfilling, professionally challenging and financially rewarding. Join our team and make your future friendly too. 
Our team members include people like you - enthusiastic, innovative, passionate and energetic. We believe that you?ll find our high-performance culture personally fulfilling, professionally challenging and financially rewarding. 
Our stores open at different times of the day, night and overnight depending on the flight schedule so we have many different shifts. Preference will be given to candidates with flexible schedules and those with an ability to speak a second language. 
Our Sales and Marketing company is looking for ambitious and enthusiastic individuals to start in exciting entry level openings in sales,marketing and customer service. 
our product for us.
our product for us. resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
OUR PREFERENCES FOR THIS POSITION
our people,
Our office is conducting interviews this week with candidates for our sales management positions. wb45@wokbox.ca
OUR IMMENSE ABILITIES:
Our growth has created an opportunity in our Vancouver office for an:
Our growing coffee company is looking for an Customer Service Rep to help grow our business.
Our facility is currently a scratch baking establishment and non automated. I am considering different options and looking for someone who has used or even better equiped another bakery with automated baking equipment such as depositors, molders sheeters etc.
Our distinguished team has an immediate opening for an Inside Sales person.  Someone with vast custom metal fabrication knowledge and a proven background in sales. This is a hybrid role: one part scoping out new opportunities & servicing existing accounts. Second part estimating on the work to be done.  Working closely with the other estimators and sometimes doing it yourself, the goal is to ensure that requests for quotes are handled in a timely fashion.
Our current line-up of titles includes popular fighting games such as Rumble Fighter and Lost Saga as well as Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Games (MMORPG) such as La Tale. 
Our continued growth requires some additional expertise to complement our team. As the Customer Service Station Attendant we will offer you a benefits package that includes; AD & D Insurance with loss of wage protection, Life Insurance, Extended Health, Dental and Prescription Drug Plan, Group RRSP contribution, Uniform and dry-cleaning services and fourteen days paid vacation after one year of employment. We also offer paid training for this position and encourage your continued growth and success with Commissionaires BC. To learn more visit us at www.commissionaires.ca 
Our continued growth requires some additional expertise to complement our Security Guarding team. As a successful applicant you are able to complete a RCMP level criminal/security clearance and hold a valid Security License. You have Occupational First Aid 1, or are willing to complete this required qualification at your own expense. You are flexible and are willing to work various shifts including; mornings, afternoons and nights. 
Our company is looking for smart, fun & dynamic people to join our growing team. We know that to remain competitive, we have to offer a rewarding work experience, competitive compensation and benefits. We care about our employees and our professional growth. We are looking for you.
Our company is experiencing a major expansion in this area.  ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
Our company has been in the forefront of the asset protection arena for over 30 years. We have become one of British Columbia's largest and most trusted private security organizations. Due to recent growth and new opportunities, we have now the immediate need for experienced Control Room Operators.  administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
Our client, a leader in their industry, has approached us for assistance is search for an Administrative Assistant to join their Finance team. This is a 1 year contract with a very well respected organization in their downtown, corporate headquarters. 
Our client, a highly reputable and well-established Canadian organization, is currently looking for a Warehouse Coordinator for their Narcotics Division.  
Our client is looking for a Lead Carpenter for a long term role. This individual needs to come from a rough carpentry background with 5 + years experience with in building constructing. This person should have 2 + years of experience dealing with other trades (both collecting quotes for projects and basic trouble shooting regarding carpentry integration with other trades).  This individual will be responsible for collecting quotes from various subcontractors and giving his/her opinion on awarded contracts. The successful candidate should understand and value work place safety as our client places this as their first priority. This individual will be responsible for giving direction on site, doing carpentry work and leading other carpenters and trades.  josie.bradley@bclupus.org
Others! 
Others! 
Other: Applicant must be fluent in Spanish. Being familiar with Mexico's business environment is an asset. Applicant will recruit, train & oversee staff in Mexico & Canada. Please apply by E-MAIL only.
Other Specific Requirements: <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Other Languages: Spanish
Other Information: Experience in face to face marketing and team management is an asset. Canadian citizens and immediate availability will be given priority. Must be able to relocate upon request. Please contact us. 
Other information:
other Asian language  will be an asset
Original Ad:
organization and neatness; troubleshooting. Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
or email  Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
or email killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
or are you  tired of your old location or your current boss, bring your clientele and work with a great team of professionals in a modern and relaxed setting.  chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
or any talented individual looking to make money.
or any talented individual looking to make money.
Or  come in anytime after 11:00 am  mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Optometrists 
Optometrists 
Optional qualification: product development experience using VB6
Optimistic and willing to change items quickly based on client feed back.
Optimistic and willing to change items quickly based on client feed back.
Opportunity to pick up extra shifts through out the week depending on credentials.
Opportunity to grow with the business
operating in the institutional, commercial, industrial and multi-unit residential sectors as an employee-owned company, 
opening shift starting @ 6:30 am
Only with travel can good telephone sales reps make $2000 cheques.  $120 per sale!
Only those selected for interviews will be contacted. All applications will be treated with strict confidentiality. No phone calls, please. 
Only those persons selected for interviews will be contacted. To all others, thank you for your interest. 
Only those candidates selected for further consideration will be contacted.  We thank all applicants for their interest.  No phone calls please.
Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
Only qualified individuals will be contacted for interview/briefing/orientation. 
Only qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview.
Only qualified candidates will be contacted
Only capable applicants please.
Only candidates with banking or credit union experience will be considered. 
Only applicants with 2-3 years photography experience will be considered. As well, completion of courses in Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Indesign, and CSS based web design is required, as these are the programs that we use to maintain our online portfolio and edit our photos. Must be able to provide documentation of formal training in photography. Experience using Adobe Photoshop Lightroom desired. Applicants must be able to show a portfolio of first-shooter work, and be able to stand and stay focused for 13 hour duration.  careers at visioncritical dot com
Only $12 per client and less for more than one, with bootcamp class opportunities.  It does not matter if they are a member or not here.  We can even cap your rate so that you simply pay a fixed cost and train as much as you need.
One late night host on Sat 1AM~5AM, Sun 1AM~5AM. info@wespacelectric.com
One Indian Baker. 
one inch chisel, slip bar, nail bar.
One hour lessons to be Monday & Wednesday after school
Once travelers clear security our job is to help them purchase last minute gifts, souvenirs and little luxuries before they fly. We have on average 30 minutes to take care of all their needs before they head to their boarding gate. Your role is to make sure our passengers get everything they want and perhaps a little more, before leaving with a smile on their face. 
On time rain or shine. 
On time rain or shine.
On behalf of our reputable client, reporting to the Engineering and Maintenance Manager, the ideal candidate would be a Maintenance professional (Mechanical or Electrical) with strong troubleshooting skills and frontline supervisory experience in a medium sized industrial unionized facility. 
On behalf of our client, we are seeking a dedicated, self-motivated individual who is interested in technology and technical communication. Team members contribute to a variety of new and existing products. Their enthusiasm for learning and writing is equaled by their commitment to working on a team to produce quality documentation.
On behalf of our client we are seeking a .NET Developer for an ongoing contract position.  
Office maintenance: Managing vendors and suppliers for repairs and maintenance, cleaning, security, and any other issues related to the building.
Office hours are Monday to Friday 8:30-5:00 
Office equipment: Ensuring office equipment is maintained in good working order.
Office Assistants: hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
Office Assistants:
Office administration: Ensuring all supplies are well-stocked, including office supplies, stationary, refreshments, and anything else needed to run the office efficiently.
o writing course content from given learning objectives and standards, 
o The ability to lift, slide and lower packages that typically weigh 25lbs-50lbs and may weigh up to 75lbs 
o The ability to demonstrate Company values of Innovation, Teamwork, Ambition, and Integrity 
o Strong computer skills and math aptitude 
o Selling industrial and construction supplies business to business 
o preparing participant materials, 
o Possess or are working towards an Associates Degree in Business/Marketing OR have equivalent industry experience and knowledge of the local market
o Managing account collections for assigned accounts 
o Maintaining and growing the existing customer base 
o Maintaining and growing customer inventory programs  servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
o instructor outline and notes, 
o exams and test criteria, 
o Developing and executing a sales plan in the local territory to meet/exceed sales goals 
o determining necessary course materials, tools and equipment, and  mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
o creating, selecting and incorporating print and web-based segments, modules, as appropriate  <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
o Conducting cold calls with manufacturing, maintenance, construction, job sites and other industrial accounts 
o Completing required training within the training period (if applicable)  hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
o Able to work up to 50 hours per week (overtime eligible for Sales Trainee position) 
o A valid driver's license and the ability to meet our driving record requirements 
o A strong aptitude for sales and desire to earn salary plus commission after the training period 
o 18 years of age or over  careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o
o <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
o
o
o
o killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
Nurses:
Nurses:
November 23rd, 2010.  All applications are to include a cover letter with the Job Posting number and resume to be submitted to the Administration office at 429 Alexander St. Vancouver, V6A 1C6.  bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
Nothing complimentary with the job, no pop or coffee, you will be charged for everything
Note: This position is based in Shanghai and requires periodic travel to Thailand and the US
Note: Successful applicants will be required to consent to a Criminal Record Search prior to employment. 
NOTE: If you are interested in this position, Please apply by E-MAIL only at gmathiesen@quayproperty.net Resumes sent by other means will NOT be considered. No phone calls please. We will only contact those candidates we wish to interview. applications at plan dot ca
Not looking for trainers looking for an hourly cheque, but those looking to train...Full membership privelidges etc...etc...for those who qualify as well as corporate account leads...
No teaching experience is necessary (although it is preferred). We will train you to be a great instructor. You should be a great presenter, a believer in the effectiveness of Kaplan&#65533;s methods, a caring and compassionate mentor of students, and a responsible employee. 
NO PHONE CALLS.
No phone calls please. 
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE. 
No phone calls please.
No phone calls please. 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
No phone calls please.
No phone calls please 
No phone calls please 
No phone calls please 
No phone calls please 
No phone calls please
No phone calls please
NO PHONE CALLS OR RECRUITERS maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
No email attachments. 
Nice to have 
New/Small Market Leadership
Network and Infrastructure IIS 5 - 7 years 
negotiating with owners and subcontractors, maintaining historical cost data and preparing project budgets. 
Need a helper for renovation business,
Nature & Scope: nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Nail Technicians - full or part time 
N.S.C certified, familiar with D.O.T and C.S.V. inspections a must. 
My client plans to hire several BAs at a variety of levels
Must work every other Saturday.
MUST submit description of experience as a Masonry Labourer
must reside in MONTECITO area. No cash, real job. P/T, around 10-12 hours per week. $15+ hour.
MUST read/write & speak both English & other language fluently
must provide a proven sales track records.
Must possess excellent work ethics, punctuality a must, responsible and reliable jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
Must have valid drivers license and references for the past three years minimum available.
Must have Strong Communication skills, able to speak clearly on phone and radios. 
Must have recent medical office experience, excellent customer service skills and the ability to multi-task. steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
Must have previous managing gym or fitness center experiences with good track records and 5 good references: salary negotiable plus override commission for front and back end sales,
Must have own car and cellular phone.
Must have experience with ADP and Ceridian. 
Must have experience in hauling & supplying aggregate in the lower mainland. 
Must have experience in dispatching, supervising super-B side dumps, dump trucks & GPS tracking systems preferred within aggregate/trucking company. 
Must have a minimum of 2 years experience within the trucking industry. 
must have a minimum 2 years sales experience in retail / fitness .
Must have a good understanding of leasing andrental properties.  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
Must be willing to provide housekeeping services.
Must be willing to provide housekeeping services and social transportation.
-must be willing to learn new things, be ok with pushing beyond your comfort zone! 
Must be willing to complete a criminal record check.
Must be self-sufficient and a self-starter.  We need to be able to tell this person what needs to be done and have them execute it with little to no supervision.
Must be PUNCTUAL, RELIABLE, GOOD ATTITUDE, ENCTHUSIASTIC, PHYSICALY FIT.
must be punctual and have a good work ethic.  chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
Must be proficient with computers, organizing and completing paperwork.  heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
Must be Proficient with computers, organizing and completing paperwork. 
Must be professional in appearance.
must be outgoing/driven and have an entrepreneurial personality.
Must be outgoing and love working with people.  Potential opportunity for advancement.  There is also commission on all sales made.  Only qualified candidates will be contacted.  The facility is about 50,000 sq. feet.  Please specify availability.
Must be outgoing and love working with people.  Potential opportunity for advancement.  There is also commission on all sales made.  Only qualified candidates will be contacted.  The facility is about 50,000 sq. feet.  Please specify availability.
Must be outgoing and love working with people.  Potential opportunity for advancement.  There is also commission on all sales made.  Only qualified candidates will be contacted.  The facility is about 50,000 sq. feet.  Please specify availability.
must be open to inside and outsides sales contact. jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
Must be honest, friendly and reliable.
Must be honest, friendly and reliable.
Must be honest, friendly and reliable.
Must Be Fully Bondable
Must be flexible in availability (2 evenings minimum) and possibly Saturday mornings.  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Must be extremely detail oriented.  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Must be experienced and have a good abstract. 
Must Be Excellent With The Public And Have a Proven Track Record
Must be excellent driver with SUV experience it's BMW X-3. Knowledge of Metro Vancouver roads must!
Must be committed and available to start immediately. Positions are limited.
MUST BE BILINGUAL - MUST SPEAK ENGLISH AND PERSIAN! If you are not bilingual please do not respond. 
Must be available for all shifts, weekdays and weekends
Must be available both days!
Must be able to work weekdays and weekends 
must be able to work fast pace
must be able to use POS system and debit/credit card processing
Must be able to multitask and have excellent customer service. Duties include: victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
Must be able to multi task and work well in a team environment. 
Must be 
Must be
Must also be Fluent in the English Language 
Most of the rooms are prebuilt but additional modelling and texturing will be required. <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Most of the rooms are prebuilt but additional modelling and texturing will be required.
More info/Apply: http://www.hireme.ca/job/d1449f899f3f3f91/david-aplin-recruiting/warehouse-coordinator-narcotics-division-jobs
More details will be offered for prospective employees.  
More about the job&#65533;. 
Mondays,Wednesdays, Fridays from 3:30pm-7:30pm
Monday to Saturday: 10am &#65533; 10pm gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Monday to Friday 
Monday 4:30pm-10:30pm
Monday &#65533; Friday Hours: 8:00 am &#65533; 12:00 pm or 1:00pm &#65533; 5:00 pm
Monday - Friday: 9:30AM mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
Monday - Friday: 6:00AM
Monday - Friday 10am &#65533; 9pm 
Mini-Van (NO CARS).............1 Ton ................3 Ton..................5 Ton..............Hi-ab
Minimum two years retail sales experience 
Minimum two years retail sales experience 
Minimum requirements: 
Minimum requirements for consideration: 
Minimum requirements for consideration: Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
-Minimum of 1 years experience 
Minimum for what you where asking for 18-20hr.
Minimum Experience: One year in a fast-paced customer service centre, Internet operations centre, or similar experience. 
Minimum Education: University degree in computer science, computer technology, new media or a related field.  <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
-Minimum 5 years experience with FULL CYCLE Accounts Payables & Accounts Receivables. 
Minimum 3 years experience
Minimum 2-3 yrs related CSR/Sales Order Desk experience. Excellent communication & customer service skills and accurate data entry skills. 
Minimum 2 years of experience as a Junior or Senior Chef
-Minimum 2 years experience with VB6
-Minimum 2 years experience with VB.Net
-Minimum 2 years experience with GUI
Minimum 19 years of age, High School diploma, good physical health 
Minimum 10 years experience preparing estimates and lump sum tenders for a general contractor at the senior level. 
Min. 2+ years condo concierge experience with valid security licence
Min wage asking for is $25.00/ hour. Or on Contract basis..
Michael
Merci! Thanks!
merchandising@responsesolutions.ca 
Merchandising  careers at visioncritical dot com
Mentor less experienced members of the team
Meet/ exceed company standards on all key performance areas. 
Meet or exceed personal and sales targets 
meet all the requirements. Interested applicants please email your resume and/or phone number. Thank you.
Medical Marijuana Inc. Traded on the NASDAQ 
mbuworth@shaw.ca resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
may lead to better job opportunities. info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Massage Therapists 
Massage Therapists 
Marketing, New Media, IT and Engineering. http://www.hirelounge.com
Marketing, New Media, Information Technology and Engineering in 21 different countries including the United States, Canada, 
Marketing Program Communication careers at visioncritical dot com
Marketing Distribution And Creation
Many different programs and brand promotion opportunities are available across Canada. Choose the programs of interest to you and select shifts according to your schedule. 
Management trainees learn all aspects of our business including advertising, marketing, promotional sales, customer service, campaign development, campaign management and business management. 
Management Opportunities
Male : lean physique 
making few paninis and helping chef/baker with prep work
Make sure your cover letter appears within the body of your email and that your resume is attached, with your last name on it, not &#65533;Earthsave.doc&#65533; Your cover letter is important. Please indicate your suitability to answering phone calls about vegan diets. Ensure you have the relevant bookkeeping experience before applying.
Make recommendations on best banking practices and alert the project manager/supervisor on practices that might damage the client&#65533;s business or contradict legal requirements, before recognition as a problem by the client.  victor@goldsgymbc.ca
Make judgement calls with respect to incorrect or questionable orders.  merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca
Major Responsibilities: 
Major Responsibilities:  servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Major Responsibilities:  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Maintenance Technician/Mechanic (3 Positions) 
Maintaining and updating social media including Facebook, Twitter and more
Maintain safety and environmental policies and procedures 
Maintain meticulous records and respond to any inquiries from government bodies and internal and external customers. 
Maintain current knowledge of the latest technology products and industry trends. 
Maintain an awareness of current promotional 
Maintain a neat and orderly office and reception area
Main Duties : info@wespacelectric.com
mail to: 1635 Robson St. Vancouver, BC V6G 1C8
mail to 1518 Robson St. Vancouver, BC V6G 1C2
maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
Lunch and breakfast will be included ;) <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Looking to hire immediately.  Please forward your resume.
Looking to hire as soon as possible. Please send your resume and available references to info@deepssunshinecleaning.com 
Looking to become a Server but have no experience? We are currently hiring for a Server-in-training!
Looking for someone who can fabricate and install aluminum panels. We have tools and machinery. Part-time is OK. Please email resume.
Looking for job security?  How about a recession proof industry?  Interested or experienced in the industrial food environment?  If so, read on...
Looking for entrepreneur, industrial area with thousands of businesses.  Completely renovated massage space which is mint. <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Looking for an individual to work full time inculding some evenings and 1-2 Saturdays a month. 
Looking for a motivated hard working individual that can pay attention to details, and takes pride In his/her work. Must be self motivated, and also work well
Look forward to hearing from you...
Look around and understand. heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
Long Term Career Earning Potential
Long Term applicants only with a keenness and desire to grow as the company grows!! 
Long hrs to start but may be worth it steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
lol, yeah. 
LOCATIONS: Mission 
Location:Vancouver, BC
Location: Vancouver, BC, 
Location: Vancouver, BC 
LOCATION: VANCOUVER INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 
Location: Vancouver - Central Area, British Columbia (1 vacancy) 
Location: Vancouver
Location: Vancouver
Location: Langley  <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Location: Downtown Vancouver, British Columbia (5 vacancies) 
Location:  Vancouver, British Columbia (1 vacancy) 
Location:
Location:
Location will be at International Village Mall (Tinseltown), near Rogers Arena in Vancouver. Walking distance from the Stadium skytrain station. Full-time and part-time positions are available. Must be able to work &#65533;retail&#65533; hours as follows: winnie-li24@hotmail.com
LOCATION UBC 
Located in the city of Burnaby, you will be working with a team of professionals helping people feel safe in a state of the art Control Center. Reporting to the Senior Operator, you will be instrumental in reporting threats, helping to resolve emergencies and dispatching resources to security situations. 
located @ DT Vancouver near water front
Local Store Marketing Implementation
Like most retail roles you will merchandise the stock, work on the cash registers, and keep the stores neat and tidy. The emphasis is on friendly, helpful service. Your customers come from all over the world you may speak their language you may not so you need patience and a sense of humour to get by on occasion. 
light dishwashing info@wespacelectric.com
lifting up to 50lbs 
Lifestyles Benefit Program &#65533; tailor your benefit coverage to better suit your individual needs 
Liaise with the maintenance groups to ensure that the product problems identified are understood and resolved. 
Learning and development opportunities to take your career to the next level 
Learn the menu at www.thedunbar.ca before you drop off your resume 
Leadership:  Motivates and inspires self and others to take action to achieve desired outcomes. mhr85@shaaw.ca
Lead Baker (North Burnaby)
Lawyers 
Lawyers 
Lawn mowing, weeding, cleaning up leaves, pruning, some paving work, snow removal for winter.
Laser Hair Removal Technicians - full or part time (trained on Lumenis LightSheer preferred) 
Larry Rosenberg and co.. are long time vipers with one goal in mind; Deceive the public, in the attempt to portray a quality family moving service! This is far from the truth. They have multiple complaints against them for employee discrimination, slander, racism, theft, customer dissatisfaction, etc.
Large downtown firm requires an intermediate to senior level experienced corporate paralegal, starting January 2011.  Position may initially start as a one year contract with the possiblity of extension.  Minimum 5 years experience as a Corporate Paralegal in a Canadian law firm is necessary; position will not suit foreign trained lawyers. 
Languages: You must be fluent in English and French. Skills in other languages, including German, and Spanish, would be assets.
Languages: Speak English, Read English, Write English
Languages: must be a bilingual (English and Shona) 
Languages: English (written & spoken). Other languages will be an asset. 
Language: English required, Japanese asset
Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities: nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities resumes@fraserway.com
Knowledge of: basic accounting principles, Excel, Microsoft Word, and computerized accounting systems preferred.  Fax resume to 604-879-9164 or reply to this ad.  
Knowledge of Windows based applications, Timberline estimating software and digitizer is preferred. 
Knowledge of Slovak, Czech or Hungarian cuisine is a definite asset. 
Knowledge of object oriented programming and experience using classes in VB6
Knowledge of consumer electronics is an asset. 
Knowledge of Applied Robotics (Win Rx) and pharmacy practice is an asset, training will be provided. 
Knowledge of a defect tracking system such as Bugzilla or JIRA
Knowledge in Tracker Software a bonus!  salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
Knowledge and experience using VB6 common controls such as treeview, listview, etc.
Kitchen experience is preferred. Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
Kitchen Assistants:
Kitchen Assistants:
Kindly send a covering letter and detailed resume, outlining your work history to Heidi Kivritsky.
Key Responsibilities: 
Key Responsibilities:
Key responsibilities:
Key responsibilities of a Cashier include: Maintain the customer service and checkout area for prompt and 
Key Responsibilities job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
Key Responsibilities careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:  mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
KEY FOCUS: Pack, polly and protect customers belongings. Act as a lead worker to other team members in this area and perform related work as required. Document contents as they are removed from the job site, and ensure that contents are properly stored and labeled. Clean residential and commercial properties at various project stages. 
KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY      Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: 
Keeping the breakfast area clean at all times
Keep records of the quantities of food used 
Kathleen and Company Hair Studio 838 west 15th north Vancouver { Just off of Fel street}604-904-4700
Kaplan is a great place to work if you&#65533;re seeking teaching experience or if you want a challenging and fulfilling part-time job. Teachers receive paid training and ongoing support to build their teaching, presenting, and mentoring skills. We encourage you to commit as much time to teaching as you have available. 
Josie Bradley
Joneve Shoes is a division of Sterling Shoes LP, a leading Canadian footwear retailer with over 160 stores across Canada.  victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
Jonathan
Join the (world largest 3 million member ) Gold's Gym fitness team in BC! applications@plan.ca
Join our team to build your career at a great place to work, and help us make a difference.  info@wespacelectric.com
JOIN OUR TEAM and APPLY!
JobText
Job Summary: Within a given Market, a Market Merchant will provide 2 to 4 Store Leaders with support and talent in merchandise presentation to meet and exceed company standards. They predict and solve the &#65533;what&#65533;s next?&#65533; in presentation.
JOB SPECIFICATIONS:   info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
JOB SPECIFICATIONS: 
Job sites are located between Vancouver and Whistler with majority of work indoors but some outdoors. resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
Job sites are between Vancouver and Whistler
Job responsibilities include the following:  144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
Job responsibilities include the following:  job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
Job Responsibilities and Duties: lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
Job requirements: Min. 3 years of work experience,
Job requirements: Min. 3 years Exp., Basic English,
Job Requirements:  minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
Job Requirements: 
Job Requirements:
Job Requirements Include: 
Job Requirements Include: 
Job Requirements Include: 
Job Requirements 
Job Qualifications Include:  servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Job Purpose <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Job Profile:
Job Profile 
Job Link: https://www.select2perform.com/default?action'=url&key'=ef1efc538594d3 coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
Job is perfect for part time college student, stay at home mother
Job is perfect for part time college student, stay at home mother
Job duties: Prepare and cook Korean food items,
Job duties: Prepare and cook Korean food items
JOB DUTIES:  As posted, in brief; to provide support, supervision and aid to distressed/disoriented/disabled adults, to accept referrals; identify and share information on a variety of Lookout or external resources.  Refers guests to services, interviews and provides with the basic necessities ensuring a safe and supportive environment for all; complete the required paper work to do above; maintain statistical data; support tenants/volunteers/anyone coming for assistance, and aid in the training/upgrading of staff including casuals.
JOB DUTIES:  As posted, in brief; to provide support, supervision and aid to distressed/disoriented/disabled adults, to accept referrals; identify and share information on a variety of  Lookout or external resources.  Refers guests to services, interviews and provides with the basic necessities ensuring a safe and supportive environment for all; complete the required paper work to do above; maintain statistical data; support tenants/volunteers/anyone coming for assistance, and aid in the training/upgrading of staff including casuals. <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Job Duties: 
Job Duties Include: 
Job duties include:  <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Job Duties Include:
Job Duties Include:
Job Details: 
JOB DESCRIPTION: Shelter Resource Workers are the front line staff working within a 24 hour, 7 day-a-week emergency shelter for adult homeless men and women who cope with a wide variety of problems (eg. mental illness, addictions, etc.) and have few if any housing options.   The Shelter Resource Worker carries out a variety of duties related to the operation of the shelter including accepting referrals based on predetermined criteria, intaking and orienting guests, providing support that meets the needs of clients entering the shelter including but not limited to the provision of food, clothing and support towards the resolutions of issues that have rendered them homeless.  The Shelter Resource Worker deals with the public, other service agencies and professionals involved in the support of the clientele. 
JOB DESCRIPTION: Shelter Resource Workers are the front line staff working within a 24 hour, 7 day-a-week emergency shelter for adult homeless men and women who cope with a wide variety of problems (e.g. mental illness, addictions, etc.) and have few if any housing options.   The Shelter Resource Worker carries out a variety of duties related to the operation of the shelter including accepting referrals based on predetermined criteria, intaking and orienting guests, providing support that meets the needs of clients entering the shelter including but not limited to the provision of food, clothing and support towards the resolutions of issues that have rendered them homeless.  The Shelter Resource Worker deals with the public, other service agencies and professionals involved in the support of the clientele. 
Job Description:  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
JOB DESCRIPTION: 
Job Description: 
JOB DESCRIPTION:
Job Description:
Job Description:
Job Description:
Job Description: careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
Job Description:
Job Description and Responsibilities:
Job Description  bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
Job Code: BBB202
Job Benefits and Perks:
Jacobsen Secretarial Services is a full-service recruitment & staffing agency and human resource solution provider located in Surrey. We've been successfully bringing individuals and businesses together since 1991. For more information about us, or to view additional opportunities, please visit our website at: www.jacobsensecretarial.com 
It's worth it to try something new - isn't it?
It's time to move out of beautiful BC it's not worth it.
It's crazy that people think they can get away with paying others that.
ITFrontDesk is based in Nashville,TN and has customers throughout the US and Canada. Check out our products at www.itfrontdesk.com . Our products can be used by anyone who makes appointments and our customer list includes, but is not limited to: 
Italy&#65533;s spiced history for the back of a bottle, Chile&#65533;s Colchauga Valley foothills in 5 choice words or less. You paint pictures with words and tales with mere fonts.  The brand is yours to seduce, to charm, to breathe life into.   Tell them the story of the vintner who harvests religiously after midnight, the owner who dreamt the label name, the great- grandchildren who took the wine to meet International wine making standards over a hundred years later. 
It is my hope that by living together and working out with someone DAILY, I will be 50 pounds lighter and will have adjusted by life sufficiently to continue living a more balanced life after ONE YEAR. 
It is also important to have own car since may need to do some local deliveries in the begining. 
is seeking 2 telemarketers, to cold call & set up appts for Outside Sales Reps.  steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
Is Hiring for a Store Manager!!
is hiring a SENIOR ESTIMATOR. 
Inventory 
Interviews November 14-15.
interview will be contacted. All applicants must email resume & cover letter [Word or PDF format]; jobs@blackbearpub.com
Interested? Please send your resume to cannew616@yahoo.ca 
Interested persons must meet certain demographic criteria in order to participate.
Interested candidates should forward their resume and cover letter via email to the address supplied no later than November 12th, quoting &#65533;Marketing and Events Manager&#65533; in the subject line.
Interested candidates should contact: 
Interested applicants, please forward your resume and covering letter, quoting Ref # 10-1000C by email to hdhatt@gvcss.bc.ca or  fax to (604) 737-2922.
Interested applicants please respond by email with a brief description of your sales or related experience. No resume required, as evaluation will mostly based on interview.
Interested applicants are requested to forward email-friendly portfolios
Interested applicants are asked to please email their resume with attached cover letter to the address found above. 
Interested and qualified applicants (must have ECE, ECE assistant certificate, Montessori or Reggio experience). Please e-mail resumes.
Interest and knowledge of IP networking, VoIP, video/IP, network management and distributed applications  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Interesados llamar al 604 700 5207 con Carlos o al 604 505 9455 con Luis
Insurance industry  careers_at_pcis_dot_com
Instructions : 
Install custom enhancements and validate technical setup and conduct necessary testing to ensure user acceptance and global quality of the solution delivered.  mhr85@shaaw.ca
Inspired we are, our office nestled amidst the North Shore&#65533;s beautiful mountains, conceiving projects from simple and straightforward to elaborate and complex.  info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Innovation and Growth  
In-Home Residential Support Worker 
In-Home Residential Support Worker
industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
Industrial area with 1000's of businesses and renovated massage office area.  Fantastic opportunity.  Looking for entreprenereul spirit.
Individual must meet the following qualifications: info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Individual must have own vehicle and clean driving absract.
In-Aisle Sales 
In your role as a Technical Writer, you will be responsible for writing documentation for end-users and administrators. You will be required to combine your technical knowledge with your writing skills to create clear, concise, and technically accurate materials. Furthermore, you will also be required to solve problems and to think creatively to meet requirements and deadlines. careers_at_pcis_dot_com
In your role as a Dishwasher, you will work together with other Team Members to assure that all objectives and goals of the department and store, as communicated by the Team Leader/Store Leadership, are met or exceeded. Abides by the strictest standards of physical and food safety, freshness and sanitation.  hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
in Vancouver. 
In this position, you will be required to: 
In order to qualify for this position, you must have the following: 
In Canada it's 
In April - Sept of 2010 our sales people received on average 3 appointments per day and are closing 1 out of 4.
In addition to bringing a commitment to YMCA vision and values, and an orientation to service, the candidate should possess the following competencies: mgurumet at futureshop dot com
In addition Indian Sweet makers must be able to prepare all Indian Sweets; and Indian Baker should be familiar with Indian Baking (eg: Rus Cakes ect...)
In accordance with our mandate, applicants with service in the Canadian Forces or RCMP will be given preference, however, all qualified applicants will be considered.  salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
In accordance with our mandate, applicants with service in the Canadian Forces or RCMP will be given preference, however, all qualified applicants will be considered. 
In accordance with our mandate, applicants with service in the Canadian Forces or RCMP will be given preference, however, all qualified applicants will be considered. 
In a team environment.  Must have valid drivers license and vehicle (which will sometimes be used for occasional installs) plenty of room to grow in the company.  Please note this is an entry level position however previous experience can adjust starting pay.  contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
Immediate opening, benefits. Hourly rate commensurate with experience. Send resume immediately.
Im seeking FULLTIME hours, (40+)  without delays in  between.
IICRC, & CCRN protocols
If you're interested in joining our team, please send your resume to devjobs@apparentnetworks.com.
If your skills and experience meet with our client's requirements, we will forward your details for consideration. By submitting your resume and/ or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us to use your details for this purpose.
If you&#8217;re interested in joining our team, please send your cover letter, and resume in Word or PDF format. Let us know the geographic areas where you are interested in working and provide us details on your sales success. 
If you&#65533;re interested in starting 2010 off right, give us a call!
If you&#65533;d like look at Darren's Story (#3 on the Home page) to learn more about the Community Connector role www.plan.ca. Please submit a cover letter with YOUR interests; how you connect with your friends, family and community plus your resume. We look forward to hearing from you. Email applications@plan.ca
If you would like to learn more about Aquae Sulis Holistic Spa, please check out our website www.aquaesulis-spa.com
If you would like to become an integral part of a fast-growing team, we would like
If you would like to be considered for this position, please forward your resume (in Word format) to with Technical Writer in the subject field. enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
If you would like to be considered for this position please forward your resume  with Payroll Manager Delta Burnaby in the subject field. 
If you would like an opportunity to join a great organization were we believe teamwork is the key to success, please send your resume and cover letter to the email above.
If you would enjoy working with our team of committed professionals, please submit your resume and cover letter by email quoting &#65533;CSSA - Mission&#65533; in the subject line.  CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
If you would enjoy working with our team of committed professionals, please forward your resume detailing your relevant background. Please include &#65533;UBC Endowment Lands&#65533; in the subject line. 
If you think this position is right for you, kindly forward resume to us. We are looking forward to hear from you.
If you think that you are right for this position, email your resume with photos of your personal floral designs to contact@brentwoodflorists.com .
If you share our dream, and have the experience, let's talk.  servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
If you meet the required criteria and are interested in the above position, please APPLY HERE. 
If you meet the required criteria and are interested in the above position, please APPLY HERE.
If you meet the required criteria and are interested in the above position please APPLY HERE. 
If you love people, you&#65533;re looking for part time work that will nicely supplement your existing income and, most of all, are fanatical about Macs, then Macinhome is the place for you!  josie.bradley@bclupus.org
If you love meeting and speaking with new people everyday, give us a call!  salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
If you have your Masters, then we want to hear from you. 
If you have your Degree, then we want to hear from you. 
If you have your Building Service Worker designation, then we want to hear from you.  
If you have what it takes to be successful in this role, please visit us at www.terasengas.com/careers  
If you have no investment you can invest your time wit a profit share
If you have graduated from a recognized quantity cooking program, 2 years&#65533; experience working in a quality cooking environment and possess Food Safe 1 & 2, then we'd like to see you at our hiring hall.  Red Seal designation is preferred.
If you have Food Safe 1, have graduated from a cooking program, are working towards it or have equivalent experience, then we want to see you.
If you have Diploma or Degree, then we want to hear from you. 
If you have been recently interviewed by a Miles consultant, please send an email to info@miles.ca with the job number in the subject line. 
If you have basic office skills, then we want to hear from you. 
If you have answered YES! to the above questions &#65533; we want to hear from you!
If you have answered YES then read on! 
If you have answered YES then apply now to be considered for the following position: 
If you have answered YES then apply now to be considered for the following position:  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
If you have an appropriate degree and at least 2 years teaching/tutoring experience please respond to this ad.
If you have an appropriate degree and at least 2 years teaching/tutoring experience please respond to this ad.
If you have all these and you are looking for Kitchen with structure professionalism please reply your resume with cover letter:  Fax at 604-534-4634 or email <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
If you have a passion for teaching and love helping young students, please send cover letter and resume by email.  contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
If you feel you meet this description please apply below. 
if you feel you can fill this position please forward your email with 
If you feel you are qualified can provide and your performance is oriented with strong business development skills, Pleas send your resume with cover letter to:
If you feel that you meet the above mentioned requirements please apply with your resume and cover letter stating your salary expectations.  
If you do qualify and are interested, please contact me at 604-825-3975 for more information.
If you care about people and have a desire to be part of a team who cares deeply about making customers&#65533; vacation dreams come true, then we want to talk to you.  We offer a competitive compensation package for the right candidate.  
If you believe you have the unique skill set for this role, please visit our website at www.wpcg.ca 
If you believe you have the unique skill set for this role, please visit our website at www.wpcg.ca 
If you believe you have the unique skill set for this role, please visit our website at www.wpcg.ca 
If you are versatile, highly motivated and have exceptional customer service skills with a strong desire to succeed, then we want to hear from you.  Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
If you are serious about this job please forward your resume to the above Craig list link.  <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
If you are seeking a challenging and rewarding career, we have a world of professional opportunities for you to explore. We offer a competitive compensation package, a fun and exciting environment. We reward performance, whilst supporting professional development and providing reasonable Work Life solutions.
If You Are Looking For A Winning Team.......... 
If you are looking for a challenge and think you have what it takes - we want to hear from you.  Visit our website at: www.nsb.com to learn more about our industry and us.   
If you are interested, please visit our hair salon in person with a resume. 
If you are interested, please sent your Resume at:  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
If you are interested, please forward your resume to the above email address and type ""Refrigeration Engineer"" in the subject line.  minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
-if you are interested, please forward a resume and/or call 778-838-2628
If you are interested, please apply with your resume attached to the email address provided. 
-if you are interested, forward a resume and/or call 778-838-2628  <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
If you are interested please send your resume and cover letter by email to apply@u-man.ca. 
If you are interested in, or have obtained, a Mortgage Broker's License,
If you are interested in this position, we encourage you to send a copy of you CV along with a cover letter explaining why you are a good fit for BroadbandTV as well as your salary expectations to          ""jobs-at-broadbandtvcorp-dot-com"" .
If you are interested in this position please apply online and quote the job #10677 
If you are interested in this opportunity, please submit your resume to resumes@fraserway.com referencing job code 02SE09  
If you are interested in this exciting role please forward your resume and cover letter by e-mail to careers@goldenboyfoods.com or by fax to 604-421-4502 
If you are interested in seeing this job and giving us an estimation please leave me your name and telephone number.  Must be licensed and good to work with, customer has a budget so cost will also be a big part to this contract.
If you are interested in joining us please send your cover letter and resume via email to us quoting ""Security - CL10"" in the subject line. 
If you are interested in having a great job, please stop by in person with your resume on Sat November 13th at 10AM. Bonus if you are from the neighbourhood! 
If you are interested in exploring this opportunity further, please reply with your cover letter and resume to careers@securiguard.com. We thank all those who apply, but only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
If you are in the Kitsilano area, we welcome you to drop in and take a tour of our spa in person at 2525 Arbutus St (corner of West Broadway) in Vancouver. Or, visit our website at www.themoviespa.com to learn more about our spa and our services. 
If you are honest, organized, reliable and available 7 days a week, different hours, please send me your Resume.  gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
If you are highly motivated, high performing and energetic self-starter looking for an entrepreneurial law firm, we aim to provide a long-term opportunity and rewarding practice while enjoying a collegial and dynamic work environment with work-life balance. hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
If you are dedicated to personal and corporate success, and would like to work with a team of professionals on interesting and challenging projects, we would like to hear from you. We offer competitive wages based on your experience.  careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
If you are considering a new path working with a growing company after many years of working in another industry, we may have much to talk about.  cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
If you are confident working within a strong support structure but are looking for a new & exciting challenge, email our team today. 
If you are a physically fit, highly reliable, mature individual and have excellent verbal and written English communications skills, then we would like to hear from you. 
If you are a goal oriented, dedicated and driven individual we can provide you with a proven, progressive, unlimited growth career.
If this sounds like YOU, then reply with your name, phone number , e-mail 
If this sounds like you, please apply now at www.visioncritical.com/careers or send your CV to careers@visioncritical.com
If this sounds like the next step in your career, please apply directly online through our Careers section at: http://talenttech.com/careers/open_positions.htm
If this sounds like the kind of team you would like to join, please forward a cover letter and resume for consideration.
If this sounds like a job you would be interested in, please email your resume Att: Harj to enquiries@aquaesulis-spa.com
If this role is of interest please e-mail your resume.
If this position sounds interesting, please, send your Resume to: sf2605@gmail.com 
If this opportunity interests you, please forward a HAND PRINTED cover letter, and a resume. 
If this interests you, please submit your resume and we would love to meet you!
If so, this creative opportunity might be for you. &#65533;BeautyCouncil&#65533; (formerly Cosmetology Industry Association of BC) is seeking an experienced marketing & events professional to help build our new brand. Key requirements for this role are a relevant degree/diploma/certification, minimum 5 years related experience, technical proficiency (CMS/CRM/social media/desktop publishing knowledgeable) and excellent organization skills (emphasis on excellent). Salary range disclosed to successful interview candidates, and does include a benefits package.
If interested, please send your resume to the email address above.
If interested, please send your resume (PLEASE DO NOT ATTACH A FILE) with hourly expectation.
If interested, please respond via this assigned mailbox. 
If interested, please apply directly to: http://www.sisystems.com/index.cfm?mg'=cpo.details&uv'=%25%26%20%2FV2%2CP%20%0A
If Interested contact Joseph @ 604-338-4817
Identify any gaps together with proposals for their resolution (e.g. workarounds or changes in processes) and ensure any solutions proposed are realistic and within the agreed scope of the project. 
Ideally, you are a highly organized experienced Realtor who wants to step up your game. We have the clients. Do you have the sales experience to service and negotiate deals? If you can maintain the highest closing ratio for the leads in your area, expect to close 4-6 deals per month. We offer commission based on performance with no monthly office fees, deal fees or signage costs.
Ideally you will possess a Bachelors degree from a four-year college or university, a minimum of three years related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  
Ideally you will have:
Ideal software knowledge is Cinema 4D, Photoshop and After Effects.
Ideal software knowledge is Cinema 4D, Photoshop and After Effects.
Ideal candidate is a commerce graduate degree in marketing , managment related field with the willingness and determination to earn excess or $100k.
Ideal candidate has a truck, all the basic tools including mitre saw. administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
I&#65533;ll do the marketing, you teach the boot camp.
I understand that starting up a business is expensive and that costs have to be well managed and reviewed but 13/hr?  That's general labour without any qualifications.....
I think we should all ban these ads.
I take pride in the work i do my goal is to meet or exceed my customers expectations. I need someone 
i provide all safety equipment, power tools and a above average entry level wage. 
I offer a casual atmosphere, without compromising the clients services, your quality of work is important.
I look forward to interviewing candidates starting ASAP.
I have stopped applying to F AGENCIES. they are a bunch of scums. As someone made a very good point they constantly advertise so that they can get leads from resumes and calling people in for an interview. I am always asked about how I got all my jobs listed on the resume. I never tell them it's through an agency even if it was.  Yeah that's how they get their leads and you never get called back. I have been an EA for the last 5 years and still I have agencies telling me things like you don't have enough experience. Oh the position has been on hold. Oh we are looking for the right fit....yeah my a the right fit. They are looking for LEADS period nothing else.
I have an opening for two (2) data entry clerks for a very short-term project - essentially helping us research our target market through the web (eg: Google our customer's name)  and recording in our database (the data entry part). There are approximately 5,000 records we need entered, 2,500 for each candidate. It's not difficult work, but can be tedious and we require accuracy. 
I have a position available for an experienced baker. Your previous responsiblities should have included; product research and design, creating and costing new recipes, quality control, scheduling, interviewing, managing a team of bakers and baker helpers during a variety of shifts inclucing early morning, day and over night. This is a great opportunity for a junior baker from an established bakery to come on board with a one year old, rapidly expanding bakery and make your mark.
I have a boot camp already running in Vancouver with a built in clientele.
I had people sending me their resumes and cover letters....that shows how many people are coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
I do web development, but I'm having trouble with this task.
I do everything from Decks, Flooring,Kitchen, Bathroom, - -- FULL HOME RENOS- Painting, Carpentry, YOU NAME IT I CAN DO IT
I can understand why they don't want to put down the company name but surely they can put down the industry and a location. If I could take back every penny I have spend in babysitting, transit and time consuming sending out applications I would have enough for a couple months of rents.
I can supply the food with a list given to me by the chef. It would be best to have salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
I can give you 2 of your shots edited and printed. 
I am willing discuss a pay for the right script.
I am seeking either a chair rental stylist or commission employee, who is well established, with your own clients.
I am based on Vancouver. 
Hunter, a cold calling closer!
Human Resources Manager 
Human Resources Department 
Human Resources
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v'=6hyb5RE1rgY
http://www.macinhome.com/careers.html
http://www.hireme.ca
http://careersca-sage.icims.com/jobs/4304/job?&sn'=craigslist
http://ca.linkedin.com/pub/mark-budworth/1/5a0/958 
http://ca.linkedin.com/pub/mark-budworth/1/5a0/958 
http://AdvantageEducationServices.com
http://AdvantageEducationServices.com
HS Diploma required. Computer experience necessary. Benefits include paid vacation, and holidays. bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
How to Apply: Please apply by email to Duane Bell or via fax 250-725-2901.
How to apply:  
How to apply:
How to Apply:
How to Apply: <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
How to Apply:
HOW TO APPLY:
How to Apply:
How To Apply 
How to Apply job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
How do I apply: 
Housekeepers:
Housekeepers:
Hours: 8 hrs/day., 5days/week, 
Hours: 8 hrs/day, 5days/wk, 
Hours: 40/week M-F
Hours:  service@derosaauto.ca
Hours will be Monday to Friday 8:00am to 5:00pm with weekends off.
HOURS OF WORK: 20 hours per week. You must be able to work a variety of shifts to coincide with train service times &#65533; early mornings and evenings. 
Hours of work:  Monday to Thursday 10:00 AM &#65533; 5:00 PM cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
Hours of work:
HOURS OF WORK Days (32 hours/week) 
Hours are Monday to Friday from approximately 8:30am to 4:30pm (On-Call schedule starts after 3 month probation). 
HOURS AND DAYS OF WORK:   Will work rotating shifts between midnight, days and afternoons.  Position shall work Saturday through Wednesday.  Days of rest shall be consecutive.  Start times may vary between 06:00 hrs to noon, 14:00 to 17:00 or 20:00 to 01:00 hrs to ensure overlap of shift coverage where needed.  Shifts are 7.25 hours in length.  Full-time work a 36.25 hr week.  Schedule may change with two weeks notice. lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
HOURS AND DAYS OF WORK:   The purpose of this Float position is to increase staffing stability and reduce overtime.  The Float SRW position works Tuesday to Saturday inclusive and will work at any shelter site requiring coverage. Should a full complement of shelter staff be on duty, the float will work at the Yukon Shelter.  Shifts will be evenings, but will be flexible to rotate to days or midnights depending on need.  Days of rest shall be consecutive. Start times may vary between14:00 to 17:00 or 20:00 to 01:00 hrs to ensure overlap of shift coverage where needed.  Shifts are 7.25 hours in length and the position works 36.25 hrs per week.  Schedule may change with two week&#65533;s notice.
HOURLY WAGE: $18.00 an hour  victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
Hostess  salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
Hospitals/Medical Facilities 
Hospitals/Medical Facilities 
Hospitality or sales experience a plus
Hospitality management training is an asset
Holiday/PT hires may also lead to further growth and alternative employment in the future with the company.  
Holiday/PT hires may also lead to further growth and alternative employment in the future with the company.
Hirelounge connects people looking to earn money part-time and full-time. Hirelounge.com is the leading site for Sales, 
High school education and computer and register skills; ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast paced 
Here&#65533;s an opportunity to learn from a Red Seal Chef and gain experience working in a dynamic kitchen.  The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring a Part Time Kitchen Helper.
Help us supply articles for our customers by becoming a writer at The Content Authority. You will need a good grasp of the English language and use proper grammar and spelling. Earn extra income and get paid on a weekly basis! In order to apply, click on the following link...."" info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Help ensure stores are well merchandised, clean and tidy 
Help ensure stores are well merchandised, clean and tidy  info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Hello, we are looking for a Monday-Friday female live in nanny to take care of several University home stay students and a senior citizen. We would prefer a Pilipino speaking nanny with good cooking skills and a positive attitude. 
Hello, steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
Hello!
Health benefits 
Having your own gear is a bonus or if need be, we can rent for you. wb45@wokbox.ca
Having worked in a multi company setting would be considered an asset. 
Have you ever worked with INDUSTRIAL SIZED COPIERS and SCANNERS? We of course are willing to train but you must have the basic knowledge on these large machines. 
Have some basic knowledge of flowers 
Have some basic knowledge of flowers
have knowledge of local gravel pits amd dump sites. The truck is parked in Richmond. Must have at least 1 year experience
Have full access to a vehicle
Have full access to a vehicle <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Have a valid SIR  <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Have a ""GO GETTER ATTITUDE"" 
Has to be motivated and able to work unsupervised.
Happy Autumn!
Guarantied minimum 6 hours 5 days per week.
Green Earth Home Services
Great work ethics is <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
Great work environment
Great service and retail commission pay, salon supplies all products just bring your own tools and clients. 
Great sales skills
Great sales skills
Great location. High foot traffic
Great communication skills
Great Communication Skills
Great communication skills
GRADUATES WELCOME. 
Got what it takes? 
Good physical strength
Good opportunity to learn.
good luck out there
Good knowledge of property accounting processes  Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
Good communication and teamwork skills and a social personality are essential to succeed in this role.
Gold's Gym is the #1 Brand in fitness (world largest 3 million members) and we are looking for same quality in our new General Sales & Marketing Manager to join our ranks. bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
Go 2 Productions Inc. requires a 3D Artist with excellent VRAY knowledge to help build and customize custom rooms, such as living rooms, dining rooms and bedroom designs. 
Go 2 Productions Inc. requires a 3D Artist with excellent VRAY knowledge to help build and customize custom rooms, such as living rooms, dining rooms and bedroom designs.  CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
Genuine Relationships. Outstanding Results.
Generous hourly wage + comm, bonus + benefits!
Generous compensation packages including benefits are available for the right individual.
General Administration
Game Master  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Furthermore, salary will be based on the individual&#65533;s qualifications and experience.
Funny with interesting characters. ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
Functional French language skills an asset  info at deepssunshinecleaning dot com
FULL-TIME POSITION AVAILABLE 
Full, ongoing product training and support is provided by our fun and professional team. O.T.E $500 - $800 p.w 
Full Understanding Of Microsoft Office
-Full time with 4.5 days( Alt.Monday, Tue,Wed,Fri & Sat)
Full time job and is to start immediately <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Full time and part time.
Full paid training, Must have some experience in customer service
-----Full or Part time! 
Full hands-on training is provided. You will be learning from sales professionals and be side by side with positive mentors daily.
Full / Open availability a MUST (weekends included) 
Full & Part Time security/concierge required for strata condominium complex
Full - time contract position. Available to start December 2010.
Frontier PC www.frontierpc.com 
From Barcelona to Buenos Aires, BC&#65533;s Okanagan and the great tanks that ferment what we drink to celebrate, sulk, love and loathe &#65533; tell the story of the wine, tell the story of their grape.
Friendly, reliable, flexible, and self-motivated 
Friendly, reliable, flexible, and self-motivated 
Fraserway RV is Canada's first national dealer of RV sales, rentals, service, parts, and accessories with 9 coast-to-coast locations. For over 40 years, we have brought satisfaction to our customers by helping them realize their vacation dreams through the RV lifestyle. As a family owned business we're committed to being a company that our customers love working with and employees love working for!
Four years related work experience after compleiton of the trade qualifications is desired.
Forward covering letter and resume.
for sous 20-21 resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
For reference they are DC260, 4110 and a KIP scanner. 
For other inquiries, please call: 604-720-9144.
For more information, please visit www.gvcss.bc.ca
For more information, please visit us at www.aldeasa.ca 
For more information, please visit our website: www.concordsecurity.com
For more information, please visit our website at www.fraserway.com
For more information, please contact SIGnature Recruiting at 604-569-1163
For more information, contact SIGnature Recruiting at 604 569 1163 salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
For more information or to sign-up as a volunteer, please email the above email address and *include your availability* 
For more information about Vantage Resourcing please visit us online at www.vantageresourcing.com.  careers_at_pcis_dot_com
For more information & to set up a preliminary interview please call:
For more info about me and my music please visit: www.myspace.com/michaelthemetaphor cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
for hardly any work. 
For further information or to apply, email your  steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
For further information on who we are and what we do, please visit us online at www.ciabc.net
For full job desciption, please go to www.wholefoods.com, under the ""careers"" section.  <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
For consideration for this position, please respond with your resume
For consideration for this position, please forward your resume and a brief cover letter.
For confidential reasons, commission structure will only be shared at the interview.
-for about 3-5 hours a week info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
FoodSafe
Following are the basic skill-set we're looking for;  sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
Follow TRS on Twitter @TRSContract and become a fan on Facebook for up-to-date information about our company including job postings!
Follow TRS on Twitter @TRSContract and become a fan on Facebook for up-to-date information about our company including job postings! nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Follow TRS on Twitter @TRSContract and become a fan on Facebook for up-to-date information about our company including job postings!
Fluent in English (Reading, writing and speaking) 
Fluent in English (Reading, writing and speaking)
Fluent English language skills 
Flexible schedule including some evenings and weekends jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
-Flexibility; you design your own schedule 
Flat rate or straight time
firstaveliquor@shaw.ca chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
File, fax, copy and other administrative tasks
File management: Establishes and maintains an efficient and user-friendly filing system for the business.
Female : thin and tall 
Fax: 604-946-4671
Fax: 604-941-4634
Fax: 604-589-1077 
Fax: 604-327-4477
fax: 604.294.9414
Fax: 604 273 1793 
Fax: 519-624-5217
Fax your resume to:
Fax your resume to:
Fax your resume to:
fax to 604 327 4477, 
Fax or e-mail your resume to 
Fastenal is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Fastenal Company is a leading industrial and construction distributor with over 2,400 locations in the United States, Canada, Mexico and other countries internationally. Since 1967 Fastenal has been a fast-growing company with excellent employment opportunities for career advancement. We strive to help employees reach their full potential in pursuit of our ""Growth through Customer Service"" mission. 
FAST PACED ENVIRONMENT 
Familiarity with laminator
Familiarity with Java or C++ programming
Familiarity of modern social media
Extensive training 
Extensive knowledge of VB6
Extensive computer and internet knowledge
Expert experience in one of the following: Adobe illustrator, Flexi, Indesign, photoshop or similar software 
Experience: none necessary, we provide training but it'd be great if you have some customer service experience. 
Experience: completed at least 2 years full-time paid employment with children care giving experienced , (Care giving in an institutional setting (day care, elementary school) is an asset) 
Experience: 3 years to less than 5 years
Experience: 
Experience: 
Experience:  144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
Experience/Skills/Education: 
Experience, Knowledge, Skills Required:
Experience working with various property managers to process all accounting records for the properties.  victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
Experience working with one or more of the following would be a benefit:
Experience working in a team environment
Experience working in a commission sales environment is an asset.  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
Experience working as a business analyst in a bank or credit union is absolutely vital to this role. 
Experience with writing SQL queries and with databases in general <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Experience with VAR (value add reseller) a plus.
Experience with Union is an asset 
Experience with test automation and web automation tools such as Selenium
Experience with Strata Fees, Minutes, Invoicing.  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Experience with HOG 
Experience with general office administration duties. 
Experience with Full Cycle Analysis up to month end. (Accountant ready) 
Experience with Cyrious is a plus 
Experience with Ceredian Payroll System is a must - NO EXCEPTIONS 
Experience preparing preliminary estimates and budgets at various pre-construction stages would be definite asset. 
Experience is not necessary. 
Experience is not necessary
Experience is an asset but you don't have to be a registered massage therapist. 
Experience is an asset but we are willing to train the right person with the right attitude towards dentistry and optimal patient care. <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Experience in testing commercial software and quality assurance
Experience in Residential, Commercial, Institutional projects would be considered an asset.
Experience in ordering 
Experience for all of the above must be current within one year. 
Experience developing high traffic web sites is highly desirable.  
Experience and knowledge of SQL info at deepssunshinecleaning dot com
Experience And / Or Skills Required:
Experience an assest and will increase your income. 
experience
existing customers
Executive support: Assisting with calendar/meeting scheduling, and expense reports. <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Exclusive new range of products offered for a lucrative sales territory.  Full or part time.
Exciting opportunity exists for the right individual to join a progressive non-profit organization as a Support Worker. The position entails working in a residential setting with youth and children with developmental disabilities and challenging behaviours in Vancouver and surrounding areas. 
Exciting opportunity exists for the right individual to join a progressive non-profit organization as a Support Worker. The position entails working in a residential setting with adults with developmental disabilities and that can have challenging behaviours in North Vancouver. 
Exciting opportunity exists for the right individual to join a progressive non-profit organization as a Support Worker, Live-In. The position entails working in a residential setting with a two young adults with autism and challenging behaviours in North Vancouver. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with a passion for sharing new ideas in a dynamic environment
Excellent verbal communication skills 
Excellent verbal communication skills 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Excellent training is provided, so perquisites are not needed, in order to apply.  Qualified candidates, please apply with your resume.
Excellent Korean language to communicate with Korean suppliers  careers@contacservices.com
Excellent knowledge of lighting, texturing and rendering using VRAY is most important. 
Excellent knowledge of lighting, texturing and rendering using VRAY is most important.  <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Excellent English communication skills, experience/exposure in a mid to large sized law firm are required.  Excellent team members within a professional work environment.  Salary open, depending on experience.  Please send your resume ASAP for immediate interview
Excellent english both spoken and written is a must, female is preferred and a  salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
Excellent customer service skills 
Excellent customer service skills  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Excellent communication skills. 
Excellent communication and teamwork skills are essential to succeed in this role.
Excellent career opportunity in BC&#65533;s Aerospace Industry &#65533; Asco Aerospace Canada, a rapidly growing provider of precision machined aerospace parts, currently offers the following employment opportunity:
Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills
events a month, be 19+ years old, and social. 
Event to take place 20 Nov 2010 at 7:00 pm in New Westminster.
Established in 2004, our goal is to bring some of the most unique, exciting, internationally acclaimed game titles from Asia to North American and European audiences. 
Established Customer Base
Established Company provides highly specialized 24-hour technical support services for all brands of adjustable speed drives, motor starters, UPS and control systems. Customers include aggregates, commercial buildings, farming, fisheries, government (municipal, provincial, federal), hospitals, institutional, manufacturing, mines, oil & gas, pulp & paper, and sawmills. Established Company has been experiencing growth in business and is seeking to add a Power Technologist / Technician to its team.  careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
Established company in Richmond BC for 18 years.
Establish work schedule,
Essential Skills: Reading text, Document use, Numeracy, Writing, Oral communication, Working with others, Problem solving, Decision making, Critical thinking, Job task planning and organizing, Significant use of memory, Finding information, Computer use, Continuous learning
Essential Skills: Reading text, Document use, Numeracy, Writing, Oral communication, Working with others, Problem solving, Decision making, Critical thinking, Job task planning and organizing, Finding information.  Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
Essential Skills: Oral communication. Working  well with others. Problem solving and decision making. Critical thinking. Job task planning and organizing. Finding information and continuous learning. service@derosaauto.ca
Essential Requirements and Skills: 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Essential attributes: 
Essential attributes: 
ESL teaching experience
environment.
Ensure inventory accuracy through established cycle count programs.  sf2605 at gmail dot com
Ensure food service and quality control
Ensure all labels comply with labeling requirements; ensure all containers are in compliance with legislation with respect to tamperproof seals for exempted products. 
Enjoy your day?  We did!  Mosaic Sales Solutions Canada is a sales and field marketing solutions agency that utilizes our considerable expertise, proven best practices and leading-edge technology to execute brand relevant selling, merchandising and event marketing programs across all retail channels and business-to-business. <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Enjoy your day?  We did!  Mosaic Sales Solutions Canada is a sales and field marketing solutions agency that utilizes our considerable expertise, proven best practices and leading-edge technology to execute brand relevant selling, merchandising and event marketing programs across all retail channels and business-to-business. jobs at blackbearpub dot com
Enjoy working with a team 
Enjoy working with a team 
Enhanced commission rate 
-Enhance the Customer's shopping experience by providing a welcoming environment.
English must be your first language.
Energetic and enthusiastic 
Energetic and enthusiastic  job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
Endless possibilities
End of story.
Employment experience as a Security Guard required 
Employer: <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Empezando inmediatamente 
Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
E-Mail: trishb@rogers.blackberry.net
Email: hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca 
e-mail: childcarejobs@vanymca.org (preferred)
E-mail your resume and professional cover letter ONLY if you have 2-3 years of office experiance. 
e-mail resume: kjh0127@hotmail.com /
Email resume and expected hourly rate mhr85@shaaw.ca
Email resume and expected hourly rate
EMAIL RESUME ....servicesresearch@yahoo.ca
Email marketing, RSS Feeds, and other internet marketing tools gary at quayproperty dot net
Email applications only. We thank all applicants, but advise that only those considered for an interview will be contacted.
Electronics, technology or office equipment experience 
Education: High school grad or college/university/undergrad  mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Education: Completion of university and a Master Degree in Industrial Relations
Education: Completion of high school 
Education: 
Education: 
Education: 
Education, skills and experience required: 
Education or experience in the alternative health and wellness sector preferred  careers@contacservices.com
Education or experience in the alternative health and wellness sector preferred 
Education & Experience:
eCo Realty Inc. has immediate openings for Realtors to join our team. We provide a steady supply of high quality client referrals in Greater Vancouver and Fraser Valley to our Realtors&#65533; who are designated as local area specialists. <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Earthsave Canada is seeking a part-time (4 days a week) Office & Membership Administrator for our office in Vancouver. Earthsave Canada is a registered charity that encourages the transition to a plant-based diet for health, environmental, and animal welfare concerns. For more information, visit: http://www.earthsave.ca. 
Each participant will take part in one 1-hour discussion session.
Each customer must receive outstanding customer service 
Duties: take customers orders; serve customers at counter or buffet; clean, prepare food such as sandwiches, burgers, salads,  portion and wrap food or place it directly on plates for service to patrons.  job@j76cw.com
Duties:  info@wespacelectric.com
Duties: 
Duties:
Duties:
Duties:
Duties will include shipping/receiving (including walking deliveries within a 4 block radius) and a variety of other duties which require an ability to do repetitive 
Duties will encompass: alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
Duties include;
Duties include: 
Duties include:
Duties Include:
Duties include supporting sales staff in generating, managing, and qualifying leads.     <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Duties include supervising junior estimators, preparing estimates for take-off to final pricing, 
Duties Include But Are Not Limited To:
Duties are residential and commercial renovation from start to finish, Please reply with resume.
Duties and Responsibilities: 
Duties and Responsibilities:
Duties and Responsibilities 
Duties and responsibilities
Duties & Responsibilities: 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
Duties & Responsibilities  careers at securiguard dot com
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES  service@derosaauto.ca
Duties & Responsibilities
Due to the volume of applicants, only those qualified will be contacted. 
Due to the large volume of resumes we receive at the AMS we are only able to contact those we are interested in interviewing and cannot except phone calls.  
Due to the high volume of candidate applications, only those shortlisted will be contacted. 
Due to overwhelming response, only short listed candidates will be contacted.
Due to my need for communication assistance a strong command of the english language is essential.  
Driving, car washing and polishing that's all.
driving with a pony and you have to provide references. The wage/salary will be negotiated if you qualify and
Drivers License
Driver MUST have knowledge of the lower mainland and speak and write English fluently.
Down Store/Down Market Solutions
Done Foundations, Built homes from the Ground up - and everything in between.
Don&#65533;t miss this opportunity! We are looking for a Customer Service Station Attendant to be located at the Mission West Coast Express station. 
-Doctor&#65533;s note 
-Doctor&#65533;s note 
-Doctor&#65533;s note 
Do you want to help people improve their lives through better health and nutrition? 
Do you want to help people improve their lives through better health and nutrition? 
Do you love interacting with consumers? Do you love preparing for the Holiday's? Are you always buying new and exciting household products? Do you love a fun and challenging sales environment?
Do you love interacting with consumers? Do you love preparing for the Holiday's? Are you always buying new and exciting household products? Do you love a fun and challenging sales environment?
Do you like toys, travel and design?  If so, we have the job for you!  We are a Shanghai based, international toy manufacturer &#65533; if it&#65533;s fun and inflatable we make it.  Designing and marketing products around the world, for some of the world&#65533;s most recognizable brands, such as Disney and Warner Bros., you will be responsible for developing innovative and market leading cartoon characters, graphics, and illustrations for both thematic children&#65533;s products and adult inflatables. NOTE: WRITTEN AND SPOKEN MANDARIN IS MANDATORY
Do you have an amazing group of friends that you hang out with, talk about your day or vacations coming up?  Are you are the person calling friends for a cup of coffee, a round of golf or a day at the beach?  A friend is having a birthday; are you arranging for everyone to meet at a restaurant or pub?  If you are doing these things you have many of the skills needed to be a Community Connector. 
Do you have an amazing group of friends that you hang out with, talk about your day or vacations coming up?  Are you are the person calling friends for a cup of coffee, a round of golf or a day at the beach?  A friend is having a birthday; are you arranging for everyone to meet at a restaurant or pub?  If you are doing these things you have many of the skills needed to be a community connector. 
Do you have a friendly personality and enjoy working with customers? 
Do you have a friendly personality and enjoy working with customers?  <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Do you have a friendly personality and enjoy working with customers? 
Do you enjoy staying up to date with the latest in hi-tech gadgetry? 
Do you enjoy staying up to date with the latest in hi-tech gadgetry? 
Do you enjoy staying up to date with the latest in hi-tech gadgetry? 
Do you enjoy meeting new people and have an interest in sales?
Do These Qualities Describe You? gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Distribute disability pkgs, 
Discounts on the coolest and newest wireless technology 
Development  
Determine what the customer needs and provide them with a solution  sf2605 at gmail dot com
Detail-orientation and multi-tasking are critical 
Desired Skills:
DESIRED SKILLS:
Desired skills hr_marqui@gmail.com
Desired Qualifications
Design, maintain, and execute automated test scripts
Description:
Description:
Description:
Description: chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
Dentists 
Dentists 
Delta, BC 
delivering quality service with a smile, in a safe and sustainable way.
DELIVERABLES:
Define customization needs for products as per agreed business definitions. 
Deep&#65533;s Sunshine Cleaning is looking for staff who: 
Deep&#65533;s Sunshine Cleaning is a young, family owned cleaning company. We have years of experience in residential cleaning and are in the midst of expanding our operations within the Vancouver and surrounding area. Our services are catered to clients that are well established residents. We recognize hard workers and compensate them accordingly.  maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
Dedicated delivery to automotive dealerships.. 
Deadline for Application: November 22, 2010 nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Day-to-day tasks include researching topics, interviewing subject matter experts, writing new content, updating and editing existing content, creating PDFs and online help, and improving processes. This position also provides opportunities to drive projects and to interact with all levels of the company, including Software developers, QA developers, and Program and Product Managers.
Days needed are Wed/Thurs/Friday. Wednesday and Thursday are 8-5 or 5:30 and Friday is 8-1. Approximately 20-22 hours a week.
Day and evening shifts are available 
Date: 2010-11-09, 7:59PM PST resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
Date: 2010-11-07, 9:16AM PST
Date: <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Date: ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
Data Base Management
d) I also notice that people put down their education on these apps which is no good because then people can tell your approx age
Customer service oriented 
Customer service experience and good computer skills  salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
Currently, the shifts are 32 hours a week on Saturdays/ Mondays and Tuesdays. We offer an increase in wages and full medical/dental benefits after 3 months. 
Currently, I am OVERWEIGHT due to a LACK OF EXERCISE and consumption of a POOR DIET. 
Currently we are taking resumes for the positions of interior detailer/Car washer.
Currently needed as a sub only right now which will turn into taking over all the classes every week.
Currently need someone as a live-in position at his home on beautiful Salt Spring Island for a week on - week off rotation. Private guest suite is provided. sf2605 at gmail dot com
Current experience with an ERP system preferred. 
Creativity and Innovation:  Develops new ways or adapts existing ideas to improve programs and service. lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
Creative Custom Metal Fabricator
Create, configure and enhance test environment including lab setup and testing tools 
Counselors:
Counselors:
Could lead in to full time.
Coordinating with  team Supervisors to complete visits for clients and workers out in the field, time is largely self-managed and flexibility is required.  Applicants should be able to work independently and also promote a strong team approach.  Ability to teach and delegate tasks is also required. Home Support experience is an asset. On the job training and orientation will be provided.
Cooks:
Cooks:
Cooking and housekeeping skills&#8232;
Converse with Benefit & Insurance carriers etc. 
Contract: 11/29/10-12/31/10 (with possible extension) Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
contract 2 wks.
Contact. Interested applicants please write a covering email/letter explaining what makes you so gosh darn special, tell us why you&#65533;re the right choice!
Contact with resume- Attention Lorraine: ndshlolibe@yahoo.com
Contact me with COMPANY info! I will not reply unless you have a dececnt company- no fly by nights !!
Contact Jen for more info.
Contac Services Inc. is Canada&#65533;s largest direct marketing, print and fulfilment company specializing in personalized 1to1 communications that build brand and customer loyalty. Originally founded in 1978 as a third party logistics company for the travel industry, Contac expanded its services to become the only single-source solution in North America to seamlessly create, produce and deliver personalized 1to1 marketing.
Constantly ensuring our guests' needs are being met applications at plan dot ca
Connecting more than 500 leading newspapers and broadcast stations worldwide with over 115,000 advertisers, our auction programs to date have generated $200 million in ad revenue for newspapers and $300 million in advertising for local and national retailers.
Concord Benefits
Computer skills a MUST
Computer skill a must
Computer and Technology Knowledge:  CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
Completion of high school, Not required 
Completion of college/CEGEP/vocational or technical training
Complete online reports accurately and on a timely basis 
Competitive pay, plus commission and incentives 
Competition #:
Competencies:
COMPETENCIES FOR SUCCESS 
Compensation: Starting $15/hour
Compensation: 15-20
Compensation: $22.00/hour, 40hrs/week 
Compensation: $185.00 per 24 hour shift
Compensation: $170 to $190 per 24 hour shift  Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
Compensation: $15 to $18.27 per hour, plus benefits upon meeting eligibility requirements
Compensation: $14.00 per hour to start  mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Compensation: 
Compensation is $215.00 per day&#8232;* Bonus wage for work related travelling
Compensation
Company Smart Phone and Demo Line 
Company Overview <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Communication:  Communicates in a thorough, clear and timely manner.  ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
Communicate issues by creation of well-written detailed issue reports 
-----Commissions up to $25 per hour 
-Commissions up to $25 per hour 
Commission structure will be discussed at the time of interview and GAS will be paid.
Commission per sale is approx. $1,000
Come meet the managers of Royal LePage Westside, Royal LePage City Centre, Royal LePage Northshore, and Royal LePage Sunshine Coast!
Colleges/Universities 
Colleges/Universities 
Collaborate with team through participation in team scrums or meetings
Cold calling local Vancouver business's and telling them about our services. Setting up appointments with business's to allow our sales people to market our product. 
COBS Bread Kerrisdale
closing shift ending @ 17: 30 Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
CLOSING DATE;    Applications will be accepted until 17:00 hours,  November 23rd, 2010.  All applications are to include a cover letter with the Job Posting number and resume to be submitted to the Administration office at 429 Alexander St. Vancouver, V6A 1C6. 
CLOSING DATE;    Applications will be accepted from within the bargaining unit until 17:00 hours, 
Closing Date: November 30th, 2010 
Closing Date: November 30th, 2010 <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Closing date Nov 26th
Client privacy, diligence , honesty, and to be willing to work on own or with another cleaner. We are a detailed and hard working team who take great pride in our work and clients love the work we do. 
Client privacy, diligence , honesty, and to be willing to work on own or with another cleaner. We are a detailed and hard working team who take great pride in our work and clients love the work we do. 
Click on &#65533;Employment&#65533;
Click on &#65533;Employment&#65533;
Click on &#65533;Employment&#65533; <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Clear criminal record and able to obtain RCMP Security clearance (min 10 years verifiable history) 
cleaning and maintaining the cafe
Clean appereance/dress code and good attitude required. Must be available in the evenings, weekends and nights on CALL. cell phone a must!
Clean and maintain areas as assigned and as directed. 
Clean and groomed. 
Clean and groomed.
clean abstract / no accidents (three years clean) 
Classes are held in our centres as well as throughout the community. Those willing to travel must have access to transportation (mileage compensated in line with prevailing policy). 
Classes are held between 4pm - 7pm Monday through Thursday and Saturday mornings. All teaching is done at the Centre.  coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
Class 1 or 3 drivers needed for operating dump trucks. 
Class 1 driver &#65533; 2 years experience 
-Class (5) BC drivers license 
-Class (5) BC drivers license 
-Class (4) BC drivers license 
CICAD Technologies is a product based software company that primarily provides solutions for government and public safety agencies. 
Chuck Van Der Lee - chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
Chiropractors  resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
Chiropractors 
Child's Age: 1 toddler servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Chef to provide a menu options for each part of the meal.
Check us out at www.ignite-beauty.com <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Check us out at www.deepssunshinecleaning.com
Check out the job description(s) below: Wind Mobile is one of Canada&#65533;s newest national wireless providers and are hiring people who treat people like people. Are you one of those people? We are currently seeking RETAIL SALES ASSOCIATES to join our VANCOUVER Location (779 Thurlow St.)on a PART-TIME basis, who can do the following for our customers: 
Check out the job description(s) below: Wind Mobile is one of Canada&#65533;s newest national wireless providers and are hiring people who treat people like people. Are you one of those people? We are currently seeking a RETAIL SALES ASSOCIATE to join our VANCOUVER (2238 West 4th St.) Location on a Part Time-Seasonal basis, who can do the following for our customers:  alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
Check in/Check out using computerized system 
Check eligibility and obtain referrals from Navinet and other sources
chairs for hair designer great price in a very high end salon. 
certificate would be a asset.
Ceridian Payroll (MUST HAVE) VIP system &#65533; make changes, remittances, batch reports, distribute pay stubs, manually enter time slips, reconciliations, 
Casual labour for packaging dried food material into small plastic bags.  Required immediately. No experience required but must be clean and possess manual dexterity. Must be fluent in English.  Will pay by the bag so rewarded for efficiency. Short term contract (4 to 6 weeks) but based on results could lead to more work.
Cash handling experience lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
Carter&#65533;s OshKosh Babies and Kids offers generous bonus&#65533;, individual/team incentives, competitive wages and available benefits package. 
Carter&#65533;s OshKosh Babies and Kids is one of the most dynamic and rapidly growing retailers in Canada. For more than a century Carter&#65533;s and OshKosh have committed to offering quality stylish children&#65533;s clothing and accessories.
Carter&#65533;s OshKosh Babies and Kids <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
careers@ascoaerospace.ca Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
CAREER FAIR DETAILS victor@goldsgymbc.ca
Cannacord called me and want to know what was my salary range. When I told them that surely they would have a range in mind since they are a large corporation and that I was open to what they had to offer....that was it I never heard back from them.  What does that tell you? I guess of all the people who answered $10, $25 or whatever then they probably picked the one with the lowest salary.  Now look they are advertising again.
Candidates should posses :
CANDIDATES MUST SUBMIT A DRIVER&#65533;S ABSTRACT WITH RESUME SUBMISSION  info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Candidates must have: 
Candidates must have: 
Candidates must have: 
Candidates MUST have the following: 
Candidate will be responsible for improving the manipulation and management of objects in 3D preview window.  This is primarily C# code.  Should have experience with C++ in case it comes up or we want to reassign them for a bit.  Some experience with 3D math is good (e.g. rendering or animation), though it doesn&#65533;t need to be extensive.
Candidate will be responsible for improving the manipulation and management of objects in 3D preview window.  This is primarily C# code.  Should have experience with C++ in case it comes up or we want to reassign them for a bit.  Some experience with 3D math is good (e.g. rendering or animation), though it doesn&#65533;t need to be extensive.
Candidate must also be comfortable answering phones when reception coverage is needed. 
Canadian Forces (Regular / Reserve) or RCMP service an asset 
Canaccord Genuity Corporation (&#65533;CGC&#65533;), Canada's leading independent investment firm is looking for an energetic Administrative Assistant to join our Wealth Management team in Vancouver. This position is a full-time contract role for approximately 7 months. The hours will be 6:15 am- 1:15 pm.
CAN YOU Multi- Task?
Call Mr. Bill Bradley at 604-288-7792 and earn what you're worth! 
call jaspal 604-850-5858 or fax 604-850-7951
Call Brenda to Apply 
Call Brenda 
call 7787720601 mike
Call 604-527-1038 to apply.
call 604-329-7201
CALL ....................604-526-1573 <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
Call (604)288-7792  leave a detailed message as call volume is high.
C++        2+ years
C++        2+ years
c) desperate move careers_at_pcis_dot_com
C#           2+ years
C#           2+ years
By sending a resume to TRS Contract Consulting Group you are not only applying for the above position. You are also being connected with a team of expert recruiters, with extensive local connections. At TRS, we pride ourselves on keeping great people working. Our true difference lies in our relationships with our consultants. Apply today and see the TRS difference for yourself.
By sending a resume to TRS Contract Consulting Group you are not only applying for the above position. You are also being connected with a team of expert recruiters, with extensive local connections. At TRS, we pride ourselves on keeping great people working. Our true difference lies in our relationships with our consultants. Apply today and see the TRS difference for yourself.
By sending a resume to TRS Contract Consulting Group you are not only applying for the above position. You are also being connected with a team of expert recruiters, with extensive local connections. At TRS we pride ourselves on keeping great people working. Our true difference lies in our relationships with our consultants. Apply today and see the TRS difference for yourself. resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
By mail:  13651-72 Avenue surrey, British Columbia V3W 2P2 info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
By far the worst organization of misfits I have ever seen!
By E-mail: jungcon1@hanmail.net
By E-mail: gary@quayproperty.net
buy the food.
But any 3D software package knowledge is ok, as long as you are willing to retrain in Cinema 4D.
But any 3D software package knowledge is ok, as long as you are willing to retrain in Cinema 4D.
Busy Season. 3-4 weeks of work. 
Busy Season. 3-4 weeks of work. gary at quayproperty dot net
Busy office needs Admin Assistant. 
Busser 
BUSINESS TO BUSINESS CALLING ONLY! 
Business Analysts 
Burnaby, BC. 
Budgetary Responsibility: 0 - $100,000
browser) <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Both p/t & f/t positions are available.
Book-keeping: Some minor book-keeping and coding, and vendor payment management. resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
Bondable 
Bondable job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
Bi-lingual Interviewing Positions available
Bilingual English/Korean 
Big Bad Boo Animation Studios is looking for experienced writers to contribute and write for a second season of &#65533;1001 Nights&#65533;, an established 2D animated Children&#65533;s Comedy TV series.  
BENEFITS TO YOU:
Benefits for working for Deep&#65533;s Sunshine Cleaning 
Before you drop us a line, please visit STUDYMagazine.com to get a better idea of what we&#65533;re all about.
Beehive Holdings is a newly-formed investment firm that invests in, and helps accelerate the growth of, local early-stage businesses. Beehive&#65533;s portfolio companies are typically women-owned or women-led, and / or market goods and services predominantly to women.
Be up for NEW CHALLENGES 
Be ready for an on the spot interview
Be able to work without supervision and also work as a team
BC Teaching certification preferred. 
BBTV offers competitive salary as well as a business casual work environment. 
Basic networking skills and understanding of domains, load balancing, IP & Port addressing (Proficient) 
basic hand tools: IE, hammer, imperial tape measure, tri or speed square, tin snips, pliers, nail set, four foot level,
based in 100 mile house BC &#65533; pay will be flat rate per day of $275.00 &#65533; approx 12 hours per day &#65533; 
Base pay  starts at $9.00/Hr with possibility to make more than $20.00/Hr after commissions administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
Bartenders Must 
Background in vinyl creation & application and large format digital printing 
Background in sign installation and construction 
Background In Financial Services, Or Real Estate <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Bachelor&#65533;s Degree in Marketing or related field
-Bachelor&#65533;s Degree
Babies and Kids
B.Sc. in Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent education
b) not too smart for sending in their complete addresses
Auto Services 
Auto Services 
Australia, New Zealand, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, 
Attributes: 
Attributes and Skills: 
Attn: Gen Mgr
Attention:  Patricia  Re:  Morgon Crossing bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
Attach your resume. Thanks!  salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
Attach a detailed resume outlining your work history and send to Heidi Kivritsky direct at  heidi@managing.ca or fax to 604.931.3378.
At Westward, you will work in a fast growing, progressive and challenging environment with like-minded professionals who are experts in their respective technical field. 
At The Black Bear we provide a fun and challenging work environment with opportunities for professional growth and the prospect for personal develop.  hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
At STUDYMagazine.com, we&#65533;re the first news source to provide news and commentary, strictly from a student&#65533;s perspective. This might include people fresh from high school, venturing into the next step. But this also includes mature students, who are going back to school to better their lives and career. 
at  604-325-2150 between the hours of 10 am and 4 pm.
Astutely intelligent company marketing and importing wine, requires the Marketing professional of the century: a self directing, self sufficient, stilton loving, iPhone owning, cultured professional who lives or dies by their calendar, and dreams of a Shangri-La where u-brews are banned. 
Assisting with various office duties as required. <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Assistant Manager will report to the Store Manager and be responsible for selling, retaining and developing a team that is focused on exceeding sales goals. We seek managers who have previous retail management experience and enjoy a variety of rewards. We offer a fast paced work environment, growth opportunities, a considerate shopping discount, and a generous bonus scheme. Must be highly energetic and willing to work various shifts with a passion to succeed. 
Assistant Manager will report to the Store Manager and be responsible for selling, retaining and developing a team that is focused on exceeding sales goals. We seek managers who have previous retail management experience and enjoy a variety of rewards. We offer a fast paced work environment, growth opportunities, a considerate shopping discount, and a generous bonus scheme. Must be highly energetic and willing to work various shifts with a passion to succeed. 
Assist with the setting up of a production environment and on the running of the products including database administration. 
Assist with the picking and packing process of pharmaceuticals and ensure all drugs are shipped in compliance with regulations. 
Assist with the definition of additional standard enhancements that need to be developed. 
Assets Include: 
Assets Include:
Assets Include:
ASP, HTML, XML, Java, Java Script, CSS, C#, PHP
Asco Aerospace is located in Delta BC.  We offer competitive wages and comprehensive benefits.  Remuneration and benefits plan as per Asco / Ironworker&#65533;s Local 712 Collective agreement. <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
Asco Aerospace Canada Ltd.
As you will be Handling  all daily record keeping A/R and A/P duties and also when needed
As well put job title in subject line when emailing. 
As well feel free to check out: www.oliveucatering.com jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
as we can.
As the Service Manager, you will be responsible for: <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
As the Service Manager, you have:
As the Senior Project Manager - Financial Systems you will lead the solution selection and high level plan for the Corporate Financial System replacement; from gathering of requirements through to the successful selection of a Corporate Financial System via the RFP process and the planning of the implementation for the new solution. You will successfully coordinate a team to identify and document the business requirements across the organization, coordinate and facilitate of scope of work, as well as create a roadmap for the implementation and rollout plan. 
As the Customer Service Station Attendant you will play an integral role in ensuring exceptional service delivery to West Coast Express travellers. You will be responsible for a variety of tasks, which primarily include, providing general travel and facility information to commuters and ensure each station is running efficiently and kept to the maximum cleanliness standards, as set out by West Coast Express. 
As the Business Analyst you will be responsible for eliciting, analyzing, validating and documenting business requirements, as well as analyzing business processes and workflows, supporting the business on critical Financial Applications, and driving Financial System functionality improvement requests.   jobs at blackbearpub dot com
As one of the only resto-pubs in the neighbourhood, we strive to create a unique atmosphere for our patrons, focusing on customer service and great food in a pub styled setting. We want you if you are an energitic, personable, hard working, smart, and experienced server. Must be able to handle a fast paced, and busy section. This position also requires some bar knowledge, as there will be shifts were you will be working independently. 
As Canada's #1 electronics retailer with over 140 stores across the country and over 26 years in the business, we've created a fun, high-energy workplace that's right for you. 
As Canada&#65533;s largest security organization, Commissionaires provides complete security solutions that integrate highly trained personnel and technology. Our continued growth requires additional expertise to complement our team. 
As a tutor, you will teach the lessons in the student's home and they are all a minimum of 1.5 hours. 
As a successful candidate, you are registered on the BC Care Aide Registry; possess a provincially recognized home support certificate/diploma; experience in Home Support; willing to work weekdays & weekends. Fluency in English and Cantonese or Punjabi is an asset.  resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
As a store manager, it's your responsibility to make sure that the store always looks good, supports our brand and meets its goals. You know the action is on the sales floor, where you coach your team members to achieve their goals. You lead by example and always create an environment where team members feel valued, can grow and function well as a team. 
As a SportChek Service Technician, you&#65533;ll have (or will develop) knowledge and expertise in the following areas: 
As a senior software engineer with almost a decade of professional experience I find there to be a chronic shortage of well-paying senior positions in Vancouver. And I don't expect that to improve. Are there other engineers (hardware and software) who have reached the same conclusion and might want to work together to start a consulting/prototyping firm? I have several ideas in the embedded space and would look forward to working with other like-minded professionals. If so, please forward a very brief summary of your qualifications (academic and professional) and areas of interest and expertise. For example, can you spin a PCB or write Linux device drivers?  A formal resume and/or personal information is not necessary (this is NOT an attempt at identity theft). Thank you. salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
As a part of the kitchen team, you will be assisting with the preparation, delivery, and service of meals; unloading and stocking of supplies, cleaning all aspects of the kitchen and caf&#65533;. Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
As a one-person office, the co-ordinator will have responsibility for the smooth running of the organization as well as facilitating fundraising, awareness, and educational events.  Strong administrative skills, excellent written and verbal communications and attention to detail are also required for this position.  
As a member of our Tax and Estate Planning Group, you will build sophisticated spreadsheets, analyze financial documents and build presentations for our exclusive clientele. You are a quick learner with an eye for detail and an analytical mind. You are keen to be trained in this high growth field of financial planning.  sf2605 at gmail dot com
As a member of our Custom Technology Solutions team, you will have the opportunity to solve interesting technical challenges in a faced paced, customer centric environment. You will be expected to come up with innovative technology solutions to unique customer business problems. resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
As a contractor, you will have the option to telecommute or work in the office but are required to live in the lower mainland to be available for training and product development meetings. resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
As a Client Services Representative, you play a key role as a technical contact for our clients. Your responsibilities include: 
As a Canadian Cancer Society volunteer, you will help make cancer history!  hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
As a Business Analyst you will perform some of the responsibilities of the Project Management and assist in the development of a high level project plan for a Data Migration from a legacy ECM system to a new ECM system.  You will assist in identifying content, user impact and activities required to execute the project to achieve an improved and more integrated content management strategy, establish common standard processes to handle different data requirements and standard enterprise content management tools, thereby achieving the benefits arising from having one data source and the reusability of data.
Art Therapists:
Art Therapists:
Area of Specialization: Human resource planning, Recruitment, Training and development
Are you tired of renting a chair, ordering products and looking after everything your self?
ARE YOU RELIABLE AND PUNCTUAL?
ARE YOU READY TO TAKE YOUR CAREER TO THE NEXT LEVEL??? 
Are you looking for a high energy, fast-paced exciting retail position where you will offer great service to international travelers in the best airport in North America? 
Are you looking for a FUN, Fast Paced job with plenty of opportunities to advance in a SHORT amount of time? Then look no further&#65533; 
Are you highly curious and enjoy solving problems? Do you like to tinker with equipment and machinery just to understand how they work? Are you a great communicator, both in person and in writing? If so, this might be the opportunity for you.  144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
ARE YOU HARD WORKING AND HAVE A GOOD ATTITUDE?
Are you comfortable talking to anyone and working on commission? Would a second stream of income help you, one that can eventually replace your present job? 
Are you comfortable talking to anyone and working on commission? Would a second stream of income help you, one that can eventually replace your present job? 
are capable of bringing out people and selling  Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com
Arc&#65533;teryx is an energetic and exceptionally innovative company, with over 400 employees. Our ongoing success stems from an uncompromising passion to continuously challenge, and radically improve, the status quo. At the foundation of our organization is a dynamic team of exceptionally talented, fun, and active people.  
Apply: http://www.hireme.ca/job/6a4ef4851f30fa33/harding-forklift-services/general-employment-jobs
APPLY TODAY, PCR is a great company. Please email your resume to resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com and put CONTENTS LEAD in the title!!!! maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
Apply today-------- Train Tomorrow 
Apply today by email with attached resume. 
Apply today at http://www.collega.com/careers/
Apply Only By Calling Mike @ 604-904-2750 sf2605 at gmail dot com
Apply online at our website:
Apply online at our website:
Apply online at our website:
Apply by: e-mail : minsuk80@hotmail.com /
Apply by quoting ""Administrative Assistant - Finance"" in your reply <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
Apply by email mhr85@shaaw.ca or fax to (604) 278-3027 detailing work history, experience, salary expectation together with work references
Applications:
Application Procedure 
APPLICATION PROCEDURE 
Application Procedure 
Applicants with their Serving it Right and/or Food Safe certification will be considered first. If you are interested in joining our team please apply in person or to: wb45@wokbox.ca 
Applicants with previous telemarketing experience preferred. Applicants must be able to work Monday - Thursday. $12 / hour + commission 
Applicants that think Manolo&#65533;s are Italian doughnuts need not apply. 
Applicants should have a keen eye for detail,be hardworking, meet deadlines and able to work under pressure. bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
Applicants must have:  <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
Applicants must have their infant and toddler certification or be in training.
applicants must be;
Applicants must be: 
Applicants must be outgoing and energetic as the positions involve intensive interaction with students.  Applicants must also be fully fluent native English speakers, preferably with a strong understanding of technical English. job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
Applicants must be avaliable for Saturday and Sunday and at least 2 week night shifts from 5:00pm to 11:00pm. 
Applicants must be 
Applicant should have a degree or diploma in quantity surveying, civil engineering or building technology and hold a CCA Gold Seal in Estimating.  <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Apparent Networks is the only IT performance management provider that delivers the end-to-end service insight required for today's cloud applications. By experiencing network performance without affecting it, the company's patented path solutions assess network readiness, monitor service levels, and diagnose problems otherwise hidden from sight. Leading companies rely on Apparent Networks to assure application delivery and expand their service portfolios with confidence. For more information, visit www.apparentnetworks.com.
Anticipated Start Date: As soon as possible 
Anticipated Start Date: As soon as possible <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Anticipated Start Date: 2011/03/01  applications@plan.ca
Answer questions regarding products and services  info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
Answer phones CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
Annual Planning Process
Anderson YMCA Child Care Program:  Richmond, BC
And, I am also offering the dvd of the images that you can use in your portfolio or wherever you can imagine. 
And we strive to keep all of our customers & clients happy.
and the answers to the questions in this video here (copy and paste URL into
And hey when your done work you can shop in our massively overpriced but only source of crap foods
and for chef de cuisine and or exectuive head chef **What you where looking for** is about 20-25/hr minimum....
And because choosing to become a financial planner isn&#65533;t a decision that is made overnight, we strive everyday to make your choice that much easier by providing you with: 
and after one year record breaking sales will participate on the bottom line profits of the gym.
Analyze client business/functional requirements and relate them to products capability. 
An opportunity to earn good income 
An industrial supply wholesaler in Langley is looking for an outside sales person who has experience in the electrical supply field. The position requires someone with a strong background in sales. If you are prepared to work in a highly competitive field and have had  success winning bids and growing a business this job may be for you. There is good potential for advancement. info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
An in-depth knowledge of construction materials and techniques and an excellent understanding of RFQ General Condition's terms and conditions is preferable; 
An environment with the latest products 
An alternative schedule of only working Saturday and Sunday, each week for the month, would be considered  also @$100.00 per 24 hour period.  
Ample opportunity to learn and grow 
Amix&#65533;s main yard is centrally located on the Fraser River in Surrey. This 16 acre facility allows us to ship and receive product by truck, rail and water. Nearby amenities include Scott Road skytrain, Central City Mall and a variety of restaurants and services. Many of our employees live in the Surrey area and enjoy an easy commute.
Amix&#65533;s main yard is centrally located on the Fraser River in Surrey. This 16 acre facility allows us to ship and receive product by truck, rail and water. Nearby amenities include Scott Road skytrain, Central City Mall and a variety of restaurants and services. Many of our employees live in the Surrey area and enjoy an easy commute.
Amix&#65533;s Chilliwack division is located off Highway #1 on the Fraser River. This 15 acre property contains our maintenance shop and storage for our fleet of highway vehicles. In addition, we have an office and sales facility. The nearby community of Chilliwack offers quick access to both rural and urban settings and amenities. Many of our employees live in Chilliwack and enjoy an easy commute.
Amix welcomes all applications for this position however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. For additional information about Amix and to view other job opportunities, please visit us on the web at www.amix.ca
American Income is looking for qualified leaders to open new offices as we transition from a metropolitan-based company to a community-based company in response to market demands. Our competitive advantage is a result of our commitment to growth and to our leaders. We provide a turn-key operation and qualified leads in a niche market. <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
American Income is currently expanding and has open positions for recent graduates with fresh ideas and an entrepreneurship mentality. This is similar to a paid internship!!! You learn while you get paid.
American Income is a professional service firm delivering insurance services and solutions to clients. We are the exclusive provider of American Income products in 19 states and 7 provinces in Canada.
American Income is a fast growing insurance company recruiting key sales leaders. We operate in the US and Canada, with the primary focus in metropolitan areas. Our objective this year is to increase the number of offices within every state and province to meet current market demands.
Amenities
Amenities
Amenities
Also valuable: Javascript & jQuery; Flash & Actionscript 3 applications@plan.ca
ALSO PLEASE MENTION IF YOU HAVE AN SUV/MINIVAN + VALID DRIVERS LICENSE THAT WOULD BE AVAILABLE AT YOUR USE DURING THE CAMPAIGN 
Allocating shipments to trucks industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
all the better!
All qualified candidates will be contacted. 
All qualified candidates send emails to bmartin@aerotek.com. EOE. hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
All positions will require weekend work. lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
All positions will require weekend work. <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
All positions are entry-level, and qualified candidates must possess great communication skills, professional image, and overall desire to learn and advance within the company. 
All personal care.  Patient is incontinent so must be changed and kept dry, warm and comfortable at all times.  Must know how to use a mechanical lift to get him from bed to wheel chair several times a day.
All participants must register with Alison by emailing the above address
All Market Merchants must have an eye for detail and the skill to make the presentation exciting and compelling.
All interested candidates should apply to: 
All candidates will need to meet the following minimum requirements: 
All candidates interested should submit either via email a cover letter and resume or come apply in person at 1101 Robson Street. 
All applicants must have a Pharmacy tecnician license, be proficient in both spoken and written English and be legally allowed to work in Canada -please DO NOT APPLY OTHERWISE. 
Advisor Websites is a team of hip, fun and flexible individuals working to deliver superior websites and pushing the boundaries of on web technology for professionals of the financial industry.
Advertising, Marketing, Customer Service & Public Relations - 10 Immediate FULL TIME openings. 
Advertising online
Advertising Co-op Leadership
Advanced Windows and/or UNIX experience
Adobe Acrobat Reader, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere, Flash 
Administrative Assistant Job Description
Adhere to all applicable Federal, Provincial and company regulations and ensure all functions and processes are fulfilled. 
Address: 1098 Davie st, Vancouver (Thurlow st and Davie st at Denny&#65533;s) 
Additional Skills: Train, direct and motivate staff
Additional responsibilities
Additional Requirements: Previous hands on SharePoint administration experience (Mandatory)  enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
-Add drainage and hot and cold water for 3 pedicure chairs.         
acting with integrity, respect and fairness, 
ACT NOW _Call TODAY_WORK NEXT WEEK 
achieving their goals and objectives. We have developed a reputation as a premier job site, especially in the area of Sales, 
accurate processing of the customer&#65533;s order; Merchandise and maintain designated areas; ensure loss prevention systems and 
ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Accommodations (Bed and Bread) will be considered for the right candidate. Keep your apartment in Vancouver while you work in Chilliwack, the decision is yours. This is a great chance to put some money away and be appreciated for your efforts.
Above average pay commensurate with experience and demonstrated ability.  <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
About WPCG 
About WPCG 
About WPCG  salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
ABOUT US:  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
About the position:  This position is responsible for driving to locations on a route and performing janitorial duties.  You must be able to service all the locations on your route on a given day within typical office hours (7:30 - 5:30 pm).  You will drive a truck to a location, and service that location's waste containers based on our instructions.  You will then drive the waste to our facility and unload and clean the truck and your supplies.  We will need you to send us your ICBC Abstract.  This position has the opportunity for advancement. steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca
About the job:
About the company:  An eco-friendly waste management company.  
About Hirelounge 
About Apparent Networks:
About Adivsorwebsties.com 
About
Able to work alone. mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Able to take instructions and commuciate with management
ABLE TO START ASAP 
Able to prep food.
Able to do simple math 
Able to do simple math
Ability to work within strict change control procedures (Mandatory) 
Ability to work with a variety of cleaning equipment and chemicals. 
Ability to work in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment 
Ability to work in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment 
Ability to Supervise: 20 people or less, Staff in various areas of responsibility
Ability to read, write and perform simple math such as adding, subtracting, dividing, and multiplying. Must be able to lift a minimum of 50 pounds frequently during their scheduled work times. Must have had at least 1 year of previous driving experience.
Ability to perform all duties as required 
Ability to operate kitchen equipment necessary. coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
Ability to operate a motor vehicle and have a valid Drivers License in the State that the driver is employed. Must have a clear driving record for the past 2 years. Cannot have had their drivers license ever suspended in connection with driving or traffic violations. Must adhere to all the company&#65533;s policy&#65533;s in regard to driving the company vehicle at all times. 
Ability to manipulate scenes and 3D view
Ability to manipulate scenes and 3D view
Ability to mainain tenant ledgers and files. 
Ability to develop and maintain lasting relationships with clients  resume_at_studentyardworks_dot_com
Ability to communicate with residents, respond to inquiries, complaints and other related activities
a) fed up of reading the full ads and don't even read what they are applying for
A woodwork background an asset but will train the right person who would like to grow with the company.
A well groomed appearance and very positive attitude are a must. victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
A valid clean B.C. drivers license is required and a drivers abstract must be provided if asked to come in for an interview. jobs at autoboxmedia dot com
A valid BC drivers license and SIN is a MUST.
-A valid BC driver&#65533;s license is a MUST. 
A twenty-seven year well-established lower mainland company with a large fleet of cranes and boom trucks requires MOTIVATED AND EXPERIENCED OPERATORS IMMEDIATELY. We offer a great work environment and opportunity to succeed. If you would like to join our wonderful team, please email your resume to: cranejobs4u@gmail.com
A Team Player 
A strong background in warehouse facility repairs and maintenance would be an asset. Under general supervision, the maintenance team will perform work involving the maintenance, upkeep, and system checks to keep the refrigeration equipment in repair and temperatures at their ideal settings. Duties will include repairing ammonia refrigeration equipment, temperature readings, defrost setups, alarm monitoring, and any troubleshooting needs.
A small custom metal fabrication shop; an earthy, level headed group of designers with elaborate metal construction, custom manufacturing and pre-fab parts on the brain. We share like visions, concepts, ideas that make large and small scale projects across the Lower Mainland possible. 
A respectful workplace that is involved in the community  bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
A Refined Aesthetic Force For Fine Wine Importer. <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
A MINIMUM of 3-5 years of Family Law .
A minimum of 1 year retail florist/design experience is required.
A great candidate for this position will possess the following skills:-  ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
-A good knowledge of the Greater Vancouver area is an asset!
a few outgoing and enthusiastic individuals who 
A Community Connector helps facilitate for an individual and perhaps their family the building of a social network.  You help plan outings (like a trip to the beach or a poker night) for the individual at the center of the network and invite their friends along.  You attend Meet Up meetings with the person at the center of the network and help with the introductions to others in the group. You assist in the first awkward moments of the introduction, nurture the connection and then fade back and watch as connections grow naturally. 
A Community Connector helps facilitate for a person and perhaps their family the building of a social network.  You help plan outings (like a trip to the beach or a poker night) for the individual at the center of the network and invite their friends along.  You attend Meet Up meetings with the person at the center of the network and help with the introductions to others in the group.  You assist in the first awkward moments of the introductions and walk away and watch as connections grow naturally. 
A commitment to the full year is preferred.  chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
9. Maintains Course Meta Data in SAP learning management system. 
9. Ability to accurately follow step-by-step written instructions 
8-10$/hr for basic prep and dishwashing. (Usually 10+/hr with tips)
8-10 $ for one load of laundry
8. Prepares, maintains and publishes corporate learning content library. 
8. Demonstrated experience translating complex information into concise, plain language 
7:00 am start, 30 min lunch break (unpaid), must be available to work occasional overtime, and/or night shift
7. Works under the direction of Instructional Designers to develop on concepts that address and contribute to achieving training and learning objectives. 
7. Perform other duties as assigned
7. Excellent interpersonal skills; ability to work as part of a team 
644 Queensbury Ave
604-739-8060 
604 777 2195
604 777 2195
604 777 2195
604 777 2195
604 687 0615  hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
604 687 0615
6. Verifies with the Competency Manager competencies for topics and learning outcomes. 
6. Proficient computer skills
6. Demonstrated ability to work effectively with internal clients and meet appropriate service standards 
6. Assist in ensuring occupational health and safety and regulatory compliance
6 sales per month '= Bonus
5-10 years experience: Engineer Experience  careers@contacservices.com
-5+ years experience preferred ( Dental Receptionist/ Office Administrator)
5. Takes inventory of existing course material and maps content to course objectives that were developed by Instructional Designers. 
5. Material handling experience is an asset
5. Help maintain a safe plant in mechanically sound condition meeting all federal, state, and local guidelines
5. Extensive experience with Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Adobe. 
5. Click ""signup"" 
5 please visit us on between Nov 10, 11,12
4. Writes learner profile based on Instructional Designer&#65533;s analysis. 
4. Valid SIN# or Work Permit
4. Other professional certificates and schooling would be an asset (examples would be Electrical, Millwork, Welding)
4. General repairs, upkeep and maintenance of facility systems, material handling equipment, racking, dock equipment, building automation systems, HVAC and boiler systems, plumbing systems, etc service@derosaauto.ca
4. Excellent oral and written communication skills and a proven ability to work independently 
4. Enter the required information 
4 NO CALL NO EMAIL reply on this AD (thank you for understanding) 
4 - Vacancy
3rd Keyholder will report to the Store Manager and be in-training to become Assistant Manager. Keyholder will be responsible for selling, retaining and developing a team that is focused on exceeding sales goals. We seek managers who have previous retail management experience and enjoy a variety of rewards. We offer a fast paced work environment, growth opportunities, a considerate shopping discount, and a generous bonus scheme. Must be highly energetic and willing to work various shifts with a passion to succeed. 
3D math for rendering and animation
3D math for rendering and animation
3. Work with contractors as required
3. Reliability, honesty, strong work ethic, punctuality
3. Previous sales experience. mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
3. Explains development process to all client groups. 
3. Excellent analytical, writing, development and editing skills to ensure consistency and quality in training materials. 
3. Car
3. A team player with good communication skills and the ability to supervise contractors
3 Prefer live in downtown area.  <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
3 - 5 years Simply Accounting.  Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
3 - 5 years minimum property management accounting experience. 
2-3 Administration Experience, accounting experience preferred  hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
2-3 Administration Experience 
2-3 1.5 hour lessons to be held during the week after school
2174 West 41st Avenue
2100 Park Royal South Shopping Centre West Vancouver, British Columbia V7T 2W4
20-30 hrs a week / competitive wages 
2. Up to Date Forklift Licence (certificate required as proof) 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
2. Scroll down and click on ""JOIN"" (There is no cost to join) 
2. Reformats existing instructor-led training materials into a web-based (eLearning) training format.  job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org
2. Good communication skills.
2. Drivers license
2. Conduct preventative maintenance, temperature readings on refrigeration equipment
2. A strong mechanical aptitude with demonstrated trouble shooting abilities
2. 2 years directly relevant experience with adult learning principles 
2 years to less than 3 years
-2 written references  coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
-2 written references 
-2 written references 
2 flexible schedules, on call available, available on weekend, holidays and evening. Understanding early out or extending hours will be happened sometimes base on sales. 
-1st Class Customer Service
1-866-812-2478
1-866-812-2478
1-866-812-2478
160 $ a month for hydro
15-18 for chef de partie (with tips usually 18) **hopefully you see how this is going**
15.50 per hr to start sf2605 at gmail dot com
144.WebTech@hiredesk.net 
14 $ for a pack of smokes
1-2 years in online game related experience or Game Master will be highly valued. 
112 East 15th Street Lonsdale, North Vancouver.
11:00am &#65533; 3:00pm 
11. Knowledge of gas distribution is an asset 
105 - 1755 West Broadway 
10-14 for prep-line skills (Usually 13.50 and with tips 15.00-16.00/hr) bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
10:00AM~ 12:00 AM and 2:00 PM ~ 6 PM ONLY. 
10. Working knowledge of specialized educational software an asset. (Captivate, Net-Meeting, Authorware, Flash, HTML 
10. Performs duties of a minor nature related to the above duties, which do not affect the rating of the job.  ndshlolibe at yahoo dot com
1. Writing and enhancement of instructor-led and eLearning based course and materials using provided instructional design methodologies, while meeting company competency and customer requirements/needs and deadlines. Course development responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
1. Some college level education
1. Please visit: http://www.HempDaddy.biz 
1. General repairs, investigation in any ammonia refrigeration issues and troubleshoot and air quality or temperature issues
1. Clean driving record
1. Certificate in technical writing or business communications or equivalent and, Diploma in Adult Education or equivalent. 
1. 5th Class Power Engineer with refrigeration endorsement a must
1. 2+ years of Masonry Labouring experience
1 year experience 
1 to 3 years sales experience 
1 some experience needed, English speaking. (Serve It Right Certificate) 
1  filthly living condition, complete with cockroaches and stained mattresses
~ Caregiver/Facilitator & Compatible Companion needed ~ heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
____________________________________________________________________________ 
.Net Web Developer (1 year contract) winnie-li24@hotmail.com
.....and more!
.   Office Administration and day to day operations of the Lupus Society office including record keeping, bank deposits, invoice payments, member correspondence, tax receipting.
.    Work with the board to plan and implement public awareness programs.
.    Well developed interpersonal skills. 
.    Web site maintenance experience an asset. 
.    Volunteer recruitment, support and supervision; donor and sponsor recognition.
.    Support for treasurer and executive including assistance in budgeting, financial reporting and grant applications. Board of Directors administrative support. 
.    Strong computer skills &#65533; Microsoft Office and knowledge of accounting software.
.    Not-for-profit organization experience preferred.  
.    Minimum 2 years experience in a similar role.
.    Membership support including newsletter preparation and publication, planning and implementation of educational events in conjunction with the board, information and media library maintenance. 
.    In conjunction with the board develop and evaluate annual fundraising plans; implement fundraising initiatives 
.    Health related experience; fundraising and/or government relations experience an asset. jobs.deltabc@expresspros.com
.    Experience working with and/or supervising volunteers. hr_marqui@gmail.com
.    Excellent time management skills.
.    Driver&#65533;s license beneficial.  victor_at_goldsgymbc_dot_ca
.    Ability to work independently, accept supervisory direction and be a successful team player.
*You must be available for ALL shifts* nwwf@shawbiz.ca
*You must be available for ALL shifts*
*Working as a team 
*Working as a team sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
*Working as a team <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
*Willingness to learn and work hard
*supervisory experience in a fast-paced, customer service environment 
*supervisory experience in a fast-paced, customer service environment 
*Strong problem solving skills with ability to work with minimal supervision. <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
*Stable work
*Providing care, support, and assistance to individuals with disabilities resumes@fraserway.com
*Providing care, support, and assistance to individuals with developmental disabilities
*Providing care, support, and assistance to individuals with autism  <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
*Preparing meals 
*Preparing meals
*Preparing meals
*past experience of working in a Coffee chain / Waitress position / Daily food prep
*past experience of working in a Coffee chain / Waitress position / Daily food prep
*Other requirements which may be specific to the individual(s) served 
*Other requirements which may be specific to the individual(s) served
*Other requirements which may be specific to the individual(s) served
*Non-Violent Crisis Prevention and Intervention certification  mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
*Non-Violent Crisis Prevention and Intervention certification
*Non-Violent Crisis Prevention and Intervention certification
*Minimum of one year of bookkeeping experience;
*Medical & Dental benefits including
*Maintaining the household 
*Maintaining the household <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
*Maintaining the household
*Learning about a new industry
*Knowledge of community resources 
*Knowledge of community resources
*Knowledge of community resources
*Knowledge of augmentative communication  cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
*Knowledge of augmentative communication <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
*Knowledge of augmentative communication
*Implementing personal protocols, schedules, and activities 
*Implementing personal protocols, schedules, and activities
*Implementing personal protocols, schedules, and activities
*high energy  enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
*high energy 
*have a reliable car that you don't mind having dogs in
*have a cell phone
*hard working and enthusiasm 
*hard working and enthusiasm 
*Good track record of attendance and reliability resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
*food, beverages, clothing, toiletries, transportation, parking, storage locker, phone, and internet EXCLUDED
*Following health care plans 
*Following health care plans 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
*Following health care plans
*experienced barista and capable of being cashier at the same time
*experienced barista and capable of being cashier at the same time
*Experience working in a warehouse minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
*Experience using a forklift and a current certificate <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
*Exceptional attention to detail and accuracy;
*Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
*Excellent written and verbal communication skills
*Excellent time management skills 
*Excellent time management skills salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
*Excellent communication skills; and
*Dependable, honest
*Current registration with the BC Care Aide and Community Support Worker 
*Current registration with the BC Care Aide and Community Support Worker 
*Current registration with the BC Care Aide and Community Support Worker 
*Completing daily documentation 
*Completing daily documentation
*Completing daily documentation
*Caseware, Quickbooks, Simply Accounting, MYOB Plus knowledge an asset;
*Car is Needed to be able to get from Job to Job* Experience is an Asset (BUT WILL TRAIN the right person)** 
*Candidates must have full access to a vehicle as you will be required to transport a booth* CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
*Candidates must have full access to a vehicle as you will be required to transport a booth*
*Canadian public practice experience a strong asset;
*Building on your forklift experience
*bookkeeping;
*Behaviour Management training 
*Behaviour Management training
*Behaviour Management training
*be fluent in english
*Advancement opportunities
*Accompanying/transporting individuals to appointments and activities in the community 
*Accompanying/transporting individuals to appointments and activities in the community <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
*Accompanying/transporting individuals to appointments and activities in the community heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
*Access to reliable personal vehicle 
*Access to reliable personal vehicle
*Ability to work independently and make decisions
*a passion for working with people 
*a passion for working with people 
**These are requirements from CN, unfortunately I cannot sell to you if you do not meet ALL 3 qualifications**
**Please note: You must be able to provide a minimum of 2 work references at the time of the interview.**
**Due to the volume of resumes, only those candidates being considered will be contacted. mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
**Due to the volume of resumes, only those candidates being considered will be contacted.
**Due to the volume of resumes only those candidates being considered will be contacted. Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
***Please contact Joel at Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com to apply, or visit www.mosaicjobs.com.
***Please apply directly at www.windmobile.ca/careers and to attach you most updated resume when creating a profile*** salesrep@itfrontdesk.com
***Please apply directly at www.windmobile.ca/careers & remember to attach your most updated resume when creating a profile***
***Machining industry experience a definite asset.*** 
******Please only serious applicants need apply (pls only send 1 resume)****** 
**** $70-85K + Benefits****  
*** Key requirements: 
*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php 
*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php 
*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php
*** Experience using an Esporta Wash System,  is strongly desired.  CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
** Registered member of College of Registered Massage Therapists of BC and holds professional practice insurance
** Please e-mail resumes to job@j76cw.com (please state the LOCATION you are applying for IN THE SUBJECT) (metrotown, park royal, robson, broadway) 
** Maintains continuing education requirements as put fourth by the College of Registered Massage Therapists of BC
** Experience working with the athletic population is recommended
* well oriented, independant, able to work well without supervision and well with others 
* Well knoledge of hedges trimming.
* Volunteers under the age of 16 must be accompanied by an adult at all times in the tree lot. 
* Various manufacturing  and other types of client facilities salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
* Valid BC driver license
* Utilizes technical support available at head office when unable to troubleshoot certain problems in the field sf2605 at gmail dot com
* Train, mentor, motivate and lead other employees  <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
* Service vehicle, cell phone, computer supplied by company
* retail sales
* Reimbursement expense account
* Punctual and reliable  resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
* Provide Project Coordinators and Project Managers with job status updates (timelines, problems, deficiencies etc)  <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
* Provide customers with job status updates. Be the main point of contact on site  dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
* Prepare and cook complete meals,special meals, individual dishes and foods and sweets; Schedule and supervise kitchen helpers; Oversee kitchen operations; ; clean kitchen and work area; , determine size of food portions, and specialize in preparing and cooking ethnic cuisine and special dishes.  applications@plan.ca
* preparation of T3 returns; and
* preparation of personal tax returns;
* preparation of information returns, such as GST, T3&#65533;s,T4's, T5's;
* preparation of corporate year-end working paper files, including corporate tax returns and all correspondence; enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
* Preference given to those with technician training or experience - appliance, motor, photocopier, industrial equipment, & etc.
* POS transactions 
* Physically fit and Well groomed 
* Performs other related duties and services for customer as required
* Performs appropriate tests procedures 
* Participate in a rotational on-call schedule 
* Pack and Polly customers personal items; Ensuring nothing is broken and everything is itemized and documented. Take pictures as necessary 
* Organize multiple employees and trades to ensure projects are running smoothly 
* Notify Project Coordinators if cleaning supplies are low. Ensure cleaning equipment is maintained accordingly 
* Must have valid driver's license (Class 5) with clean driver's abstract  CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
* Must have clean criminal background  info@wespacelectric.com
* Must be extremely detail oriented. 
* Miscellaneous Tasks as required 
* minor reception/clerical  duties. 
* Load, unload and transport contents materials. Distribute contents materials to the appropriate location according to project plans and specifications 
* Lawn care skills (Aerating, power raking, reseeding, lawn mowing, weedwalking etc)
* laundry gary at quayproperty dot net
* Knowledge of diagnosis of electrical board, basic electrical wiring and motor pump, industrial machinery repair jobs at blackbearpub dot com
"* Job title

OPPORTUNITY FOR CREATIVE ENTREPRENEURS
 sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
Artists, graphic designers, photographers, fashion designers - this is your chance to showcase and sell your work!  Bring your selected pieces into our street level studio in Gastown, where we will display your pieces and sell them for you, with 100% profits going to YOU. 
 <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We also have office space available for creative work.  This is a great starting point for anyone doing freelance design work and wanting to work within a creative environment.  Rental space can be paid month-to-month, and there are a variety of options in terms of space size and price. 

Visit http://vancouver.en.craigslist.ca/van/off/2044631847.html  for details on the space. 

* Company name
 mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
206 Carrall

* Contact info

killerwhit@gmail.com resumes@fraserway.com
 mhr85@shaaw.ca
778-899-9448

or stop by the studio at 206 Carrall Street  (in Gastown)

* How to apply
 gary at quayproperty dot net
email Whitney Fyfe at:  killerwhit@gmail.com, mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
 enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
or call 778-899-9448 sitar8_at_telus_dot_net

you may also stop by and check out the studio space for yourself during open houses every Saturday in November from 6pm-11pm. 

* Job description

If you want to showcase and sell your work, your will be able to bring in 4-6 selected pieces and assist us in setting up your display in a unique and appealing form.  You can create whatever assisting materials you wish. 

If you are interested in working from within the studio, office space is available.

* Qualifications
 resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
All artwork and designs will need to meet standards for approval, however we are very open to a variety of mediums and styles. 

For those wishing to work within the studio, we may ask to contact a reference, or to evaluate your work ethic over a trial period. 

* Deadline for application <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

End of November for December positions.

"
"* Job title jobs at autoboxmedia dot com

OPPORTUNITY FOR CREATIVE ENTREPRENEURS

Artists, graphic designers, photographers, fashion designers - this is your chance to showcase and sell your work!  Bring your selected pieces into our street level studio in Gastown, where we will display your pieces and sell them for you, with 100% profits going to YOU. 

We also have office space available for creative work.  This is a great starting point for anyone doing freelance design work and wanting to work within a creative environment.  Rental space can be paid month-to-month, and there are a variety of options in terms of space size and price. 

Visit http://vancouver.en.craigslist.ca/van/off/2044631847.html  for details on the space.  hr_marqui@gmail.com

* Company name careers at visioncritical dot com
 contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
206 Carrall

* Contact info

killerwhit@gmail.com

778-899-9448

or stop by the studio at 206 Carrall Street  (in Gastown)

* How to apply

email Whitney Fyfe at:  killerwhit@gmail.com,

or call 778-899-9448

you may also stop by and check out the studio space for yourself during open houses every Saturday in November from 6pm-11pm.  info@wespacelectric.com

* Job description

If you want to showcase and sell your work, your will be able to bring in 4-6 selected pieces and assist us in setting up your display in a unique and appealing form.  You can create whatever assisting materials you wish. 

If you are interested in working from within the studio, office space is available.

* Qualifications
 applications at plan dot ca
All artwork and designs will need to meet standards for approval, however we are very open to a variety of mediums and styles. 
 <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
For those wishing to work within the studio, we may ask to contact a reference, or to evaluate your work ethic over a trial period. 

* Deadline for application

End of November for December positions.

** Employment Opportunity **"
* Interacts with customer to provide guidance as to the operation and maintenance of their equipment
* Have great social skills  careers at securiguard dot com
* Have a positive attitude 
* Hard-working and detail oriented 
* Great Communication Skills 
* Good knoledge of plant material.
* Good garden maintenance skills childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
* general salon maintenance ie. sweeping, prepping pedi spas, etc. info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
* General mechanical aptitude and ability to understand and effectively use specialized testing instruments and equipment
* Fluent English (spoken/written) 
* experienced in retail sales. 
* Experience with Union is an asset 
* Experience with Ceredian Payroll System is a must - NO EXCEPTIONS 
* excellent customer service skills.
* Establishes and maintains testing equipment and materials used in performance of job
* Ensures any repairs and maintenance for testing equipment are performed in a timely manner
* Ensure vehicles are stocked with appropriate company tools and supplies to fulfill designated tasks 
* Education - completion of high school 
* Document results of tests and submits completed document to administrative office for completion
* Construction Cleans. Ensure sites are clean of debris and ready for construction work 
* Complete and fulfill paperwork required for contents moved off site 
* College level mathematics is an asset (Basic math a must)
* Carrying, lifting equipment and parts ranging in weight up to 60lbs.
* Be confident in dealing with people 
* available 5 days a week including weekends 
* Assists office with other related duties as required <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
* answering calls and booking appointments.
* AN UP TO DATE PORT PASS
* Able to use any equipment ( mower, weedwalker, trimmers, aerator, power rake, blowers etc)
* Able to enter contents sheets into a computerized database 
* Able to drive a pick up truck
* Ability to handle and resolve recurring problems and to troubleshoot new problems while working independently service@derosaauto.ca
* Ability to establish priorities, work independently, and proceed with objectives without supervision
* A variety of spaces
* A TLS OWNER OPERATOR LICENSE <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
* A CLEAN DRIVERS ABSTRACT
* 8am to 5pm
* 6 weeks apprentice program that pays $400 to $560/ week DOE heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
* 4 plus years experience working in contents 
* $35,000 plus medical benefits, after 6 months probationary - additional benefits
(Tye-Keyworker)
(Side Note) Unfortunately folks we have a previous employee bad mouthing the shop on craigslist because he was let go.  Any statement can look good or bad for one side or another depending it's context and tones however, in this case 95% of the statements posted are just flat out lies.  We at DeRosa Auto wish this previous employee good luck in his ongoing job hunt and that maturity will set in soon.
(Position available immediately until incumbent returns.)
(Company Confidential)
(Company Confidential)
(c) the individual has earned a CFA Charter and satisfy the other portfolio manager qualifications.
(b)
(a)
$20 per hour, overtime after 9 hours. 
$13/hr  info at deepssunshinecleaning dot com
$13.00 Hourly, for 40.00 Hours per week 
-$120 per sale Commission plus daily cash bonuses  sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
$100 cash will be presented to each participant at the end of the session as a thank-you for attending.
"

Your next job will be one of the most important decisions you ever make.  Talent Technology delivers technology and solutions to help companies hire people like you every day."
"

You are passionate about software quality and love using your investigative skills to discover issues that no one else has even thought about. Through comprehensive testing you will become a key contributor to building some of the coolest software around. Join our highly skilled team and combine your passion for leading edge technologies with an atmosphere that is fun and promotes personal growth."
"

Yesterday I posted an ad for the above and was telling folks of my horrible experience with agencies and how companies are always low balling us with salaries etc...."
"

www.deepssunshinecleaning.com "
"

Wok Box Capilano Square, North Vancouver is seeking part-time Front of House staff. Wok Box is a quick service restaurant serving all your favorite Asian dishes served out of flaming woks in our open kitchen. " info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
"

Who we are:"
" sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com

Whether you are looking to change careers or get established in your first opportunity, this might be a fit for you.  Our company focuses on a specific division of financial planning, which is life insurance."
" hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca

What the F......here goes again. Classic example. This ad below tells the employee a heck of a lot about the job doesn't it?"
"

Westward Advisors Ltd. is an established and progressive company specializing in the development of insurance-based tax and estate planning solutions. Our clients are successful entrepreneurs and business owners located across Canada. "
"

We're opening a new salon in a very busy Po Co location.  We're looking for a licenced esthetician"
" chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca

Well-established legal services company location in Downtown Vancouver is seeking an outgoing, go-getter who loves to sell and build relationships. If you are a self motivated, goal oriented, metrics driven individual that understands the importance of how an effective sales process, combined with quality customer service and the ability to ask for the sale will ensure your success, then this is the opportunity for you. " <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"
 resume_at_studentyardworks_dot_com
Well-established legal services company location in Downtown Vancouver is seeking an outgoing, go-getter who loves to sell and build relationships. If you are a self motivated, goal oriented, metrics driven individual that understands the importance of how an effective sales process, combined with quality customer service and the ability to ask for the sale will ensure your success, then this is the opportunity for you. "
" sf2605 at gmail dot com

Well established company in Langley looking for experienced Hardie, wood, & vinyl Installation Crews for various multi-family residence projects in the Lower Mainland. Must have own transportation and tools. "
"

WebTech Wireless Inc. is a provider of vehicle fleet location-based services (LBS) and telematics technology. It develops, manufactures and supports end-to-end wireless solutions that improve the productivity, profitability, environmental compliance and safety of vehicle fleets. The Company serves customers of all sizes in the government, transit, transportation, service, insurance and OEM markets in over forty-one countries, including Fortune 500 companies. Specialized solutions include: Quadrant&#65533; fleet management software, InterFleet&#65533; solutions for government, and NextBus&#65533; real-time passenger information services for public transit fleets. "
"

Web Development franchise looking for an appointment maker. " contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
"
 info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
We&#65533;re Terasen Gas. We&#65533;re the people who distribute the natural gas that warms the homes, cooks the dinner and heats the water of our customers in 125 BC communities. As a Fortis company, we are part of the largest investor-owned utility in gas and electric distribution in Canada. We are currently searching for 2 temporary Instructional Writers to join our Training department "
"

We&#65533;re Growing&#65533; "
"

We offer pre-school, kindergarten and all-day care. Capacity 25.   Must be dedicated, enthusiastic and love children.  Openings for one preschool teacher and one assistant teacher.  Starting date negotiable.  We operate year round."
"

We need several staff -- a face painter, balloon twister (balloon artist, sculptor) or a magician with family magic tricks (no cards, no coins, please)"
"

We have expanded and  we are looking for Managers and Assistant Managers.  If you would like a new challenge, get paid while you train and work in a fun environment we are looking for you to join our Domino's Pizza team.  Please send your resume via fax to 604-552-4247."
"

We have an immediate need for a scheduler for a 3 month contract (minimum) working on a large IT project" <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"

We have a rare opening for a permanent 3/4 to full time store assistant for our award winning Toy and Infant Accessories store located at Kids Market on Granville Island. This position involves, but is not limited to, acquiring product knowledge, interacting with customers, actively recommending appropriate products, using a computerized point of sale system, receiving, pricing and merchandising of product, as well as store opening/closing. We are looking for an outgoing, friendly and very detail orientated """"people person"""" able to work independently while keeping the store neat, clean and organized. Granville Island is the second largest tourist attraction in Canada as well as a place where locals come to play and shop. It is also a fun and rewarding place to work. Meet and chat with people from all over the world. Please email resume or apply in person, between 10am and 6pm, at Camelot Kids, Ground Floor, Kids Market, 1496 Cartwright Street, Granville Island. No phone calls please. Please understand we can only respond to applicants under consideration."
"

We currently have opening for day and evening shifts ranging from 20-40/hrs per week."
" chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com

We currently have an opening for evening and weekend positions.  An ideal candidate will be able to work well in a team environment, show dedication to customer service and cleanliness.  If you feel that you can fill this role, please respond with your resume and availability. "
" <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->

We are shooting a info product about meeting and attracting "
"

We are seeking an energetic, experienced bookkeeper to join our expanding company. "
" <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

We are searching for a Sales & Design Furniture Selling Superstar, with a proactive yet, positive attitude to join our team of professionals.  Interior Design is an absolute asset, however, prior experience (minimum 3 years) in furniture sales is a requirement.  We have been retailing in the city for many years and have a prime location on United Boulevard.  We are looking for someone who enjoys helping people furnish their rooms with fine quality furnishings, and yet understands the importance of closing ratios.  Must have excellent communication and presentation skills and be able to overcome challenging situations with maturity and integrity.  We are looking for an enthusiastic team player that is willing to learn new concepts and ideas when it comes to home furnishings and interior design.  Knowledge in current fashion trends is also an asset. Weekends and Holidays are our busiest in the store, and therefore are also a requirement as part of the work schedule.   "
"

We are searching for a Rendering Software Engineer!"
"

We are recruiting for a 5th Class Power Engineer with a Refrigeration Endorsement for our Langley warehouse. "
"

We are opening a new salon in a very busy area of Po Co.  Looking for a stylist ..."
"

We are looking immediately for a project coordinator for a large IT project. " <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
" resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com

We are looking for someone with knowledge in fashion to contribute articles to our Vancouver celeb news website."
" <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
 Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
We are looking for sales associates to do face-to-face presentations to our existing client base, throughout BC.  We provide training and support to bring a more personal approach to marketing strategies, and ensure the highest level of customer service.  Qualified candidates are ambitious and self-motivated, who always want to strive to exceed goals and targets.  "
"

We are looking for full-time and part-time Customer Service-focused Sales Consultants for a dealer of a new mobile telecommunications carrier in town. Reporting to the Assistant Sales Manager, a Sales Consultant will be accountable for achieving mobile phone and service sales goals and customer service performance standards through a combination of new customer sales, referral customer sales, accessory sales, up-selling of features and services, and excellent customer satisfaction feedback. You will also be responsible for handling service related issues and resolving customer complaints in an effective and efficient manner. "
"

We are looking for an intermediate level accredited accounting professional who is flexible and has a diverse business background to work approx 20-40 hours a week. "
"
 mgurumet at futureshop dot com
We are looking for an experienced AutoPlan agent to work in our West Vancouver office.  The position is part time for weekends and some weekday shfits.  Fluent in written and spoken English.  Level 1 or 2 required with a minimum 6 months AutoPlan experience.  Personal Lines an asset but not required.  Good customer service skills required.  Forward cover letter and resume to Jeanette's attention via email."
" job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org

We are looking for an experienced AutoPlan agent to work in our West Vancouver office.  Level 1 or 2 required with a minimum 6 months AutoPlan experience.  Personal Lines an asset but not required.  The position is part time for weekends and some weekday shifts.  Fluent in written and spoken English.  Good customer service skills required.  Please forward cover letter and resume by email."
"

we are looking for an enthusiastic team player to work 4 days in our store. the preferred days of work would be: Tue, Wed, Thu and Saturday."
" nwwf@shawbiz.ca

We are looking for a qualified Certified Dental Assistant for our well-equipped, progressive, computerized dental clinic."
"

We are looking for a PHP developer to build a website wiht wordpress. "
"

We are looking for a person full time, seasonal job, for the ending season, the candidate must have:" applications at plan dot ca
"

We are looking for a Part-time Barista who has experience making latte, cappuccino , mocha etc. ! for this position you must know how to make LATTE ART !!!!"
"

We are looking for a front desk reception person to join our team.  Must enjoy an active lifestyle.  Great environment with perks such as membership to the facility." mhr85@shaaw.ca
"

We are looking for a front desk reception person to join our team.  Must enjoy an active lifestyle.  Great environment with perks such as membership to the facility."
"

We are looking for a front desk reception person to join our team.  Must enjoy an active lifestyle.  Great environment with perks such as membership to the facility." hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
"
 <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
We are looking for "
"

We are located on 1696 Robson St. Currently we are looking experienced in Cashier / Barista / Waitress / Food Prep ( Part Time / Full Time ) "
" steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca

We are located on 1696 Robson St. Currently we are looking experienced in Cashier / Barista / Waitress / Food Prep ( Part Time / Full Time ) " hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
" <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

We are inviting persons age 25-75 who is currently being administered or in the past have been administered blood anti-coagulant medications to participate in a research study."
"

We are in need of a part time care aid four/ 24 hour shifts/$100.00 per shift - days of the week:  Thursday, Friday, Saturday & Sunday ... actually working approximatelty 6-7 hours daily. You  must reside here for the four shifts and be available as patient is in need of night time aid - turning him from side to side, usually once but sometimes more during the night."
"

We are hiring ESL Specialists (must have an Education Certification). " industrialburnaby@randstad.ca
"

we are hiring a skilled carpenter.  We need someone who will work as a subcontractor, we pay your wcb, pay is every 2 weeks."
" josie.bradley@bclupus.org
 salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
We are growing again!!  Owner/operators are needed to start as soon as possible for established, growing courier company in the lower mainland."
"

We are expanding our inside sales team and we are looking for a in-store/telephone sales person.  Technical knowledge is an asset.  We are looking for a results-oriented Sales Associate who will meet and exceed personal and sales targets, receive customer calls, handle emails, and provide an outstanding customer experience. The ideal candidate will have related experience in a commission-based environment. Successful candidates will be able to maintain customer satisfaction, and ensure consistent productivity and quality of service. Our telephone sales team plays a vital role in providing an interface between our customers and our organization. Frontier PC is looking for a friendly, professional, and customer-oriented individual to join our team. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a growing company. "
"

WE ARE CURRENTLY SEEKING SECURITY PROFESSIONALS TO WORK A VARIETY OF SHIFTS IN THE CHILLIWACK AREA "
"
 <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We are currently looking for small to medium size owner operators that can meet the following: " maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
"

We are currently looking for applicants who must have the following requirements:"
"

We are currently looking for an interior and exterior detailer for our Car Dealership in Vancouver."
"

We are currently looking for a registered massage therapist for our clinic. New grads are welcome. Please submit your resume."
" Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
 <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
We are currently looking for a compassionate and respectful individual to join our team. This part time position is ideal for someone who wants to make a difference for seniors and people living with limitations. " <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
" info@wespacelectric.com

We are currently hiring qualified, experienced Electrical Journeymen.  We offer full benefits, competitive wages, RRSP&#65533;s, profit sharing and diversified work environments! " alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
" hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca

We are currently hiring qualified, experienced Electrical Journeymen.  We offer full benefits, competitive wages, RRSP&#65533;s, profit sharing and diversified work environments! "
"

We are currently filling three Jr. Account Manager Position at our Metrotown location. The position will consist of contacting our existing database of clients to update them on our newest programs and products. No sales will be involved at the junior level. The position will pay a base of $10 per hour and have a very attractive bonus schedule. We are looking to hire people with proven closing skills and sales experience as we plan to promote to the Senior Account Manager positions, which come with amazing earning potentials!"
" Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com

We are busy restaurant serving breakfast and lunch located on Annacis Island in Delta."
"

We are an upscale, boutique salon located by Rogers Arena (GM Place).  We pride ourselves on being a friendly, upbeat salon, with an eye for beautiful highlights and technically strong haircuts."
"

We are an online marketing company looking for someone to make daily calls to small businesses in regards to our products."
"

We are an established auto detailing center located in vancouver."
"

We are an Electronic Parts Retailer in Langley for over 30 years. " careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
"
 chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
We are American Income Life and we provide union members with improvements to their benefit programs. Serious career minded people only. " <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"
 cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
We are a well-established law firm in Richmond, BC seeking junior or intermediate associates to handle civil litigation and family cases. Associates may expand to other areas of law to help with a steady increase in clients. Knowledge of Mandarin is an asset." bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
"
 <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
We are a tutoring service provider."
"

We are a small Richmond accounting firm and seeking an accountant assistant. Your responsibilities will include:"
"

We are a restaurant located in the heart of the Dunbar neighbourhood, and we are looking for a server! "
"

We are a progressive retail liquor chain and we are seeking applications for all positions for our new East Vancouver store."
"

We are a private Home Care provider.  We are looking for vacation replacment for a live-in care aide for our client who has MS.  "
" gary at quayproperty dot net

We are a private Home Care company seeking care givers for clients located in Maple Ridge/Pitt Meadows. " mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
"

We are a private Home Care company seeking care givers for clients located in Maple Ridge/Pitt Meadows. "
" maharajacatering@yahoo.ca

We are a local women's clothing company, who are looking for a part time leading to full time sales associate who is: "
"

We are a busy national service contractor servicing the retail and food service sectors. We are currently seeking an experienced technician to service our customer base."
"

We are a busy deli/bakery, and we serve the best Jewish deli food. At the moment we are seeking seeking Front Counter Attendant "
"
 resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
We are a advertising company which specializes in sporting venues, specifically hockey arenas and golf courses. Compensation is 100% commission. Employee will need sales experience and a vehicle for transportation, but will have the opportunity to do much of their work at home! We are looking for someone ASAP.......Work is bountiful and a significant opportunity is available!!!!"
"

We are  hiring several brand ambassadors for a major beer company promo in Downtown Vancouver" Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
"

Watch out for this Zionist outfit! These vipers will burn you out, chew you up, then spit you out! They have done it to many, they rip you off for hours, dismiss your inquiries about the discrepancies in your pay...they ignore safe practices in the workplace, and run unsafe equipment, force you to work with drug addicts and alcoholics... just a few irregularities to mention ..BEWARE!! You enter the jaws of sharks here at Bekins Moving & Storage(Canada)!"
"

Wash person needed at south surrey dealership, must be able to drive standard. Duties will include washing cars, cleaning shop, occasionally driving shuttle van. Clean and friendly work enviroment. please apply to above email."
"

Warehouse Coordinator - Narcotics Division"
"

Wanted:"
" maharajacatering@yahoo.ca

WANTED:"
"

WANTED:" administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
"
 gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
wanted class one driver needed, knuckle crane experience prefered ,. Must have winter and highway driving experience and be able to go out of town.Full time position , min 3 years driving experience required. Some overtime required."
"

wanted class 1 pony or transfer experiance call 604 728 1433"
" jobs at blackbearpub dot com

Vancouver- Help consumers get their home ready for the Holidays! 6 week program November-December!" alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
"

Urgently Required : 3D Room Modeler with excellent VRAY knowledge."
"

Urgently Required : 3D Room Modeler with excellent VRAY knowledge."
"

Up and coming Green Housekeeping company Urban Home services is looking for casual employees. looking to make some extra money and make a difference? You are so much more than a miad when you work for Urban home services. It will be your job to provide a clean, cozy and inviting environment for our customers. duties include THOROUGH cleaning, going the extra mile, leaving fresh cut flowers, making clients home smell like pumpkin pie, folding laundry etc. we pay good because we know that you get what you pay for. MUST have vehicle, be bondable, caring, reliable and self motivated. may work into full time position if needed. knowledge or experience with eco friendly cleaning materials an asset but not required." <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
"

Trucking department needs dispatch/Foreman to supervise drivers in aggregate hauling operations. "
" bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
 <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
Too busy to clean you're home? Let me do it for you! I have seventeen years experience cleaning. I am reliable, and meticilous. I charge 22/hr.  If  you have any questions please call Leah @ 604-792-1720." Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
" industrialburnaby@randstad.ca

Title: Manager, industrial relations ( for Latin America Region ) (NOC: 0112) "
"

This position requires an organized individual who has excellent communication skills, and an ability to work independently.  Duties include managing phone lines, communication with National Sales Team, preparing samples and all month end reporting for the National Sales Manager and National Account Manager."
"
 salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
This job is not just serving, but also doing dishes, ordering, and other things that come up. This is a breakfast place, it is small and therefor the server must preform many duties, The job will be 4 days on and 4 days off. Just like fireman or police. The shifts are 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. We have found it works really well, as far as being fair in getting weekends off. You must be honest and friendly, you must be willing to take direction, if you have a problem with that, don't bother with this ad. During the week it is just the server and the cook, on the weekends there is a dishwasher as well. I am looking for someone who is truly interested in the job and is willing to go the extra, when it is needed. The starting rate is $10 pr hour and will go up to $12 pr hour, after I feel that you really know, and are preforming the job well. There are tips also and are paid out daily. The dress in informal, jeans are acceptable, I do request that you wear proper foot wear. Serving it right and food safe a must."
"

This is an entry level position with the opportunity to learn new Internet marketing skills, take on greater responsibilities and interesting tasks as the position grows. "
"

THis dick head wants a framing contractor to frame a 24x24 garage with two windows for $1000.  Ideal for a small crew he says .WHAT A  FUCKING JOKE , FRAMERS LETS LINE UP  TO KICK HIM IN THE BALLS ."
"

The time has come to hire a new person who is ready to learn and grow with our companies. Two young and emerging companies, Student Yard Works and Mattressrecycling.ca, have a joint office in North Vancouver and are in need of an outstanding new member of our team to be a leader in our office. Our ideal candidate has exceptional communication skills, patience, has a good eye for details, is committed and pro-active in helping the company, is flexible in their role and treats every incoming call like gold. In the interview, you will be asked how you have demonstrated these skills in the past and your references will be checked. This is a new position and there will be lots of room for growth as our companies expand. "
"
 service@derosaauto.ca
The Press Cafe is looking for people to help make our gourmet paninis (with possibility for advancement)  If you're responsible, timely, organized and have a sunny disposition, please apply with resume to Areti.  We have both full-time and part-time positions available.  Must be willing to work on weekends.  Kitchen experience is a plus!"
"

The Movie Spa is growing and is currently looking for great people to fill the following positions: "
"

The Help Desk/Systems Analyst will primarily support and maintain in-house equipment and IT assets.  This will include installing, configuring, diagnosing, repairing, and upgrading company hardware and equipment while ensuring its optimal performance and general security.  This position also troubleshoots problem areas in a timely and accurate fashion and will provide end user training and assistance where required.  Additionally, data extraction, report creation, and system analysis will be just as important within this role.  "
" contact_at_brentwoodflorists_dot_com
 chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
The Gold's Gym in Richmond is accepting applicants for Front Desk Receptionist position for afternoon shift from 3:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m." <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"

THE GOLD'S GYM  in Richmond is currently seeking a highly motivated and enthusiastic General Sales & Marketing Manager to join our dynamic team."
"

The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is now hiring for the following Part Time and Casual positions:"
"

The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is now hiring for the following Part Time and Casual positions:"
"
 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring casual Recreation and Art Therapists at our centre in downtown Vancouver. " bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
"

The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring casual Nurses at our centre in downtown Vancouver. "
"

The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring casual Housekeepers at our centre in downtown Vancouver.  " mgurumet at futureshop dot com
" jobs at blackbearpub dot com

The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring casual Counselors at our centre in downtown Vancouver. "
"
 administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
The Dr. Peter AIDS Foundation is currently hiring casual and Part Time Receptionists and Office Assistants at our centre in downtown Vancouver. "
"
 careers at visioncritical dot com
THE COMPANY "
"

The Burnaby Board of Education is seeking a Sprinkler Fitter/Installer-Plumber to work in the District on a temporary basis.  This position is responsible for installing, modifying, repairing, testing and maintaining of district fire sprinkler systems.  The successful candidate will require:"
"

The Black Bear Pub in Lynn Valley has been voted North Vancouver's favorite pub for 14 years running because we provide a safe, fun environment to eat and drink."
"

The BC Lupus Society is a registered charitable organization dedicated to providing lupus education, public awareness, scientific research, community outreach, and advocacy.  Our focus is on improving the lives of those affected by lupus through a wide variety of support services.  For further information please visit bclupus.org" sf2605_at_gmail_dot_com
"

The AMS represents over 48,000 UBC students as well as students at affiliated colleges. The AMS operates student services, student owned businesses, resource groups, and clubs.  Our mission statement: To improve the quality of the educational, social, and personal lives of the students of UBC."
"

Terms of Employment: Permanent, Full Time, Shift, Weekend, Day, Night, Evening "
"

Telephone Sales from Home working for Gutter Cleaning Company."
"
 <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
TELEMARKETING SUPERSTARS! "
"

Sura Korean Cuisine"
" job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org

Summary"
"

Successful East Coast Transportation Company is looking for a self-motivated, hard working individual for full time position in its Pompano Beach location. Candidate must " killerwhit_at_gmail_dot_com
"

Subserveo is a fast growing Software-as-a-Service provider servicing the Financial Services industry.  We are growing fast and hiring now!"
"

Subserveo is a fast growing Software-as-a-Service provider servicing the Financial Services industry.  We are growing fast and hiring now!"
" Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com

Steel Stud framing & Drywall Contractor is seeking an Estimator to start asap."
"

Start up company is in search of a project promoter that will promote the company&#65533;s project to private investors.  A huge commission is offered to the successful candidate.  This is a position that will become permanent as a salaried position with benefits.  If you are ready to promote the best deal out there then we want to speak with you."
"

START IMMEDIATELY - NO SELLING"
"

SPECIAL EQUIPMENT OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS: "
"
 victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
Small marina on Granville Island requires long term manager.  This is a part time job in the winter and full time in the summer. About 6 months each.  Applicant must live nearby and have reasonable mechanical, electrical and bookkeeping skills. Would suit semi-retired individual.   Please reply with specific work history and resume."
"

Sitar Restaurant, 8 Powell street, Vancouver, BC, V6A 1E7, Operating Since 1983, is hiring indian cooks for a permanant full-time position ($17/hr,40hrs/wk+ben) specialized in indian cooking. Send Resume-by mail or apply in person or e-mail:sitar8@telus.net, "
"

Sexy, fun, and smart. Hiring for upcoming Christmas holidays"
"

Sexy, alluring, and empowering.  GUESS? Accessories is hiring passionate individuals for the holiday."
"

Service company in Burnaby needs a part time office assistant " sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
"

Seeking: Enthusiastic, Outgoing Community Connector who lives in South Burnaby"
"

Seeking: Enthusiastic, Outgoing Community Connector : White Rock "
"

Seeking, experienced janitorial workers the Coquiltam Area. Tagalog speaking an asset." <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"
 <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Seeking self motivated and professional telemarketers for sales and appointment scheduling. Successful applicants will be working, consulting prospective customers on their heating systems.  Employees set dates for furnace, vent and duct, boiler, and fire place cleaning and servicing.  Please contact Marcia at (604) 569-3855 for a possible interview. Please bring an updated version of your resume to the interview. Thank you."
" gary at quayproperty dot net

Seeking an experienced office coordinator to assist in our Purchasing Department.  Must be proficient in MS Word and Excel.  You should have some familiarity with accounting functions such as reviewing invoices for discrepancies. Organization skills are key to this position as is some basic knowledge of purchasing functions.  Manufacturing and Electrical background candidates will be considered principle. You must be comfortable transitioning between departments within our company.  Multitasking is essential as your assistance might be required in the office and/or our warehouse.  This is a part-time position with great potential to become a full-time based on your ability and the growing needs of our company.  A resume&#65533; along with a cover letter explaining why you would be a great fit for this position should be emailed to the address provided."
" anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com

Seeking an experienced office coordinator to assist in our Purchasing Department.  Must be proficient in MS Office and Excel.  You should have some familiarity with accounting functions such as reviewing invoices for discrepancies. Organization skills are key to this position as is some basic knowledge of purchasing functions.  Manufacturing and Electrical background candidates will be considered principle. You must be comfortable transitioning between departments within our company.  Multitasking is essential as your assistance might be required in the office and/or our warehouse.  This is a part-time position with great potential to become a full-time based on your ability and the growing needs of our company.  A resume&#65533; along with a cover letter explaining why you would be a great fit for this position should be emailed to the address provided."
"

Searching for a Rendering Software Engineer!! "
"

SALES TRAINEE/OUTSIDE SALES "
" chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca

Sales Rep/Promotions Consultant "
" servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca

Sales Management " josie.bradley@bclupus.org
"

rooms are great for massage, reflexology, acupuncture.,skin care and more very competitive price great location ." Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
"

Richmond based Commercial Janitorial Company is seeking an experienced Customer Service Area Manager. "
" info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com

Required immediatly for trucking company in Delta an afternoon dispatcher some experience in transportation is a must."
"

Recognized high-end wealth management firm seeking administrative assistant to support financial planning team. Growth opportunity."
"

Really!! A Whole $13.00 an hour... for those responsibilities! Ha! What a joke! Bakery management comes at a price and your not even close!"
"

REad this guys post he wants you to have truck,tools ,miter saw and he pays 23 to 25  . this guy has to be from Quebec , Ontario  that is where these cheap asses come from to try ruin the industry  , just ask where they are from if in dought.  they need a kick in the nuts to straghten them out."
"

RE; No legit contact info in job posting ads"
"

RAS Industries is a global leader in the design and manufacture of conveyor pulleys that are critical components in mining, forestry and other materials handling applications.  To keep pace with our growth, we're seeking a Project Manager to join our dynamic team based in Surrey, BC."
"

QUINTANA ENTERPRISES se necesitan aprendices para trabajar en DRYWALL y TAPING. Experiencia NO necesaria"
"

Pub style restaurant is in need of an Assistant Cook to help out with our busy brunch weekends and weekday evenings. You will be under our head cook helping out with cooking and prep work. Only experienced people need to apply."
"

PT Retail Sales Associate (seasonal) - 779 Thurlow St., Vancouver, BC"
"

PT Retail Sales Associate (Seasonal) - 2238 West 4th St., Vancouver, BC " dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
"

Professional Dental Administrator needed for patient oriented care Dental Office. If you are an individual who has the following attitude, skills, experience and goals then please respond."
"
 mbuworth_at_shaw_dot_ca
Production Worker / Finisher Needed"
"

Pro-claim restoration ltd. was incorporated in 1991. Over the last seventeen years we have specialized in all types of property repairs for the insurance industry. "
"

Private driver. No smoke, no drink, no drugs! Must have clean driver/criminal/drug record."
"

Printing Company requires an energetic person to fulfill a variety of functions in a fast-paced print shop environment.   "
"

POWER TECHNOLOGIST / TECHNICIAN "
"

POSITION: SALES ASSOCIATE "
"

Position Summary"
"
 administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
Please do not attach your resume, just copy it on the email body...."
"

Pharmacy technician position is available immedietly at our North Vancouver pharmacy located at central Lonsdale. "
"
 chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
Paul's flooring inc is looking for enthusiastic and motivated sales person to join their team ."
"

part-time school-age assistant needed for busy YMCA program. Monday to Friday, 2:00-5:00pm plus occasional additional hours. Class 4 driver's license an asset. Must have current first aid and CPR-C. Please send resume and cover letter to Gill Wilke at email address shown."
"

Part-time Inside-Sales/Sales support"
" anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com

PART-TIME HELP WITH OUR CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST"
"

Part time/Full time receptionist needed for a busy full service salon.  "
"

Part Time Service Shop Technician "
"

Part time position available in our clinic.  Must be able to use computer, be comfortable working with patients, booking appointments, answering phones and doing our billing.  We will train if you have the qualificiations we are looking for.  Must be able to speak Punjabi."
" <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->

Part time doorman wanted for our surrey bar. Candidates must be physically fit, personable, posses a valid security license and be available to work both weekend and weekday shifts. Prior security experience is an asset but not required, we will train the right candidate."
"
 <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
PARALEGAL/CORPORATE -START JAN. 2011"
" job@j76cw.com
 bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com
Pan Pacific College is currently looking for an experienced, confident teacher to lead classess in our busy ESL schoool. We are a well established, PCTIA certified school. We are looking for someone who has the experience and skills to quickly step into our ESL program. Despite the time of year, we are extremely busy at the moment and are looking to open a new level(or duplicate level). The curriculum for the course is already in place. However, it can be supplemented by the teacher. " CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
"
 chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
Pacific West Coast Community College is an upcoming and dynamic post secondary institution that thrives on the quality education it provides for its students. Currently we have the following positions available: " job@j76cw.com
"

P/T CDA w/ortho module req 2 days/wk to start followed by F/T 4 days/wk in 6 months. Sats req. Must have 1-2 years ortho CDA exp & 5 star customer service skills. Will be doing all ortho CDA duties. Some travel req between multiple offices. Interviewing now.  Please email resume and cover letter to coquitlambraces@gmail.com"
"

Oxford Learning Centre, North Vancouver, is looking for teachers who are passionate, dedicated and dynamic. We are in need of tutors to teach children in primary grades in both English and Math. Oxford Learning offers individual support to students looking to improve their academic skills and study habits. Most of our programs are structured, so we ask for a commitment from our students and teachers. We have excellent resources which ensures that the teachers have ready materials for teaching. We will train you in our innovative teaching methods. "
"

OUTSIDE SALES REP"
"

Outside Sales"
"

Our Richmond client is seeking a Payroll Clerk/ADP Specialist to join their team. This role is Temporary and our client would like for someone to start as soon as possible. "
" <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
 resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
Our marketing firm has openings for sales personnel. Good sales personnel can make well over $1000 a week. "
"

Our Lower Mainland client is currently seeking a CLASS ONE DRIVER for 100 Mile House! You must have 2 years commercial driving experience as well as a three year clean drivers abstract with NO accidents. "
"

Our Financial service Team  is in need of a highly motivated Sales/Admin Offier. We are looking for individuals who possess the following qualities: "
" applications at plan dot ca

Our company is right now looking for a full-time (40 hours per week) reproduction/photocopier expert to join our fast growing company. "
" job_yeytf-2051989718@craigslist.org

Our company is a Medical clinic doing research in the area of Hepatitis.  We are looking for an assistant with excellent command for English.  Applicant must be able to look at data and provide and write up comprehensive reports based on information you would have attained from Software packages.  The applicant should have a Masters or B Sc. in Statistics or Behavioral Sciences.  This is a part time  position and may be attractive to someone doing a part-time Masters in Statistics or equivalent.  Must be able to meet tight deadlines and to think independently.  If you think this job is for you, please do not hesitate to reply by email." resumes@fraserway.com
"

Our client is currently requiring a Family Law LAA to join their team to work in a professional and busy Richmond law firm, starting ASAP until Christmas." 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
"

Our client is a highly successful corporation in the real estate industry.  They are currently seeking an Accounant for their North Vancouver location. This is a newly created role due to the growth they are experiencing. "
"
 wb45@wokbox.ca
Our busy and growing ESL school, inlingua Vancouver, is looking for a professional and friendly person to join our sales and marketing team as a Korean Marketer/Counsellor. "
"

One of leading test-prep institutes is inviting top-notch teachers in the following areas; Math (Calculus AB, BC), Chemistry, Physics (B, C), Biology, Economics (Micro, Macro), History (World, European) "
"
 wb45@wokbox.ca
On behalf of our client we are seeking a .NET Developer for a 2-month contract.  "
"

On behalf of our client in the Lower Mainland, TRS Contract Consulting Groupis looking for a Project Manager for a 6 month contract opportunity with the possibility of extension."
" 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net

On behalf of our client in the Lower Mainland, TRS Contract Consulting Group is looking for a SharePoint Developer  for a short contract opportunity."
"

On behalf of our client in the Lower Mainland, TRS Contract Consulting Group is looking for a Senior Project Manager with experience working with ERP Financial Systems for an 8 month contract opportunity with the possibility of an extension."
" hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca

OGPlanet (www.ogplanet.com) is an online game publisher that specializes in high-quality, downloadable, Free-to-Play casual online multiplayer games. "
"

Office space in 24 hour 45,000 sq. foot fitness facility for rent. Ideal for a registered massage therapist. Reception and all support is provided as well as internet, hydro, marketing support, website support. Great for the right entrepreneur. We have over 2000 members to draw from. Rent can be negotiated."
"

Office space in 24 hour 45,000 sq. foot fitness facility for rent. Ideal for a registered massage therapist. Reception and all support is provided as well as internet, hydreo, marketing support, website support. Great for the right entrepreneur. We have over 2000 members to draw from. Rent can be negotiated."
"

Office & Membership Administrator "
" <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->tidal<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

NW Wholesale Florists requires 2 distributors. You will be working with sales staff and the production dept, as well as picking, processing and packing floral orders for retail customers. Floral knowledge and experience is an asset. Mon-Thurs with 35-40 hrs/week. Must have good communication skills in english, have high work ethics, and a positive attitude for working in a team environment. Fax your resume to 604-430-1575 or email to nwwf@shawbiz.ca " hr_marqui@gmail.com
" hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
 winnie-li24@hotmail.com
NW Wholesale Florists requires 2 distributors.  You will be working with sales staff and the production dept,  as well as picking, processing and packing floral orders for retail customers.  Floral knowledge and experience is an asset.  Mon-Thurs with 35-40 hrs/week.  Must have good communication skills in english, have high work ethics, and a positive attitude for working in a team environment. Fax your resume to 604-430-1575 or email to nwwf@shawbiz.ca"
"

Not looking for your regular personal trainer.  We are looking for an entrepreneur who is over paying their current gym, not getting a fair cut or looking to build up clientelle."
" jobs at autoboxmedia dot com

Nordica Photography is looking for an experienced wedding photographer to begin work as soon as possible. "
" lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com

No organization in Canada can match the Canadian Cancer Society&#65533;s record in fighting cancer. From the discoveries of research to the reduction of cancer mortality rates, the Canadian Cancer Society has literally changed the cancer landscape. However the Canadian Cancer Society would not be at the forefront, leading the way in getting cancer on the agenda of all Canadians, if it were not for the dedication and help of the many hands and hearts of our volunteers. "
"
 info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com
New Generations Early Learning Center  is accepting resumes with a cover letter for a position working with infants and toddlers. " sf2605 at gmail dot com
"

need owner operator with tractor for bc alberta,and some usa for dry van work.paid by miles "
"

NEED CLASS 1 DRIVER TO RUN CANADA AND USA AND NEED CLASS 1 DRIVER TO RUN BC TO ALBERTA AND BC MUST HAVE A ONE YEAR EXPERINCE PLZ FAX RESUME AND ABBSTRACT TO 604-870-3574 or email"
"

NEED CLASS 1 DRIVER TO RUN CANADA AND USA AND NEED CLASS 1 DRIVER TO RUN BC TO ALBERTA AND BC  MUST HAVE A ONE YEAR EXPERINCE PLZ FAX RESUME AND ABBSTRACT TO 604-568-9126"
"

Necessary Skills:"
"

National Speakers Bureau is Canada&#65533;s largest speakers bureau representing high-profile Canadians, industry leaders, former politicians, athletes, celebrities and corporate trainers.  We are expanding and have an opening for an Account Executive in our Vancouver office."
"

Nanny needed for 2 children.  Full-time and live out (preferred).  Child care mainly needed for a preschooler.  Housekeeping involved and meal preparation. Job starts in January."
" hr_marqui@gmail.com
 <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Molly Maid Richmond, is accepting applications for part time/on call professional cleaners." careers at securiguard dot com
"

Mobile phones Sales Consultant required Immediately"
"
 lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
Minimum Requirements of Job: (ie. if you do not have all of the following, please do not apply)" ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
"

Minimum 3 years experience"
"
 Email-edwardhoogstins@live.com
Min. 3-5 yrs commercial exp./ G12/ Prep. & cook authentic Japanese menu item/ Ensure food quality & portion control/ Develop & create menu/ Skills at dealing with kitchen & staff/ Train & instruct cooks/ speaking Korean is an asset/ Perm. F/T $19.00/hr 40 hrs/wk Send resume: ydoyasushi@gmail.com or 1350 56 Street Delta, BC V4L 2A4"
" <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

Medical secretary for doctors office"
"

Math tutors - must be able to teach grades 9 - 12 Math & Calculus, min. 1st yr University."
"

Marqui Solutions Inc. is looking for a full-time Web Developer."
"

Market Merchant Job Description"
"

Manufacturer seeks Level 2 first aid attendent for shipping position in busy wood products facility. This is a key position which requires a high degree of detail, organized nature and the ability to work to deadlines. Must be computer literate and able to work co-operatively in a team based work environment. Previous shipping experience is not required if you have a valid Level 2 certificate and possess the previously mentioned characteristics."
"

Male quadriplegic looking for part time assistant for basic help including light meal prep, errands, exercise, and shopping. Late morning/early afternoon only. Car required. $12.50/hr cash."
"

Maintenance Supervisor - Mechanical or Electrical" hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
"

Maintenance Manager "
"

maids wanted by local house cleaning company. must be bondable. $10 to start. Apply today & start tomorrow " Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
" minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com

maids wanted by local house cleaning company. must be bondable. $10 to start. Apply today & start tomorrow "
"

Maharaja Restaurant located  at 407-8148- 128th Street in Surrey, BC  require the following:"
"

Macinhome is an energetic, young, Mac-specialized IT consulting company with an established and loyal client base. " <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
" <!-- -->cannew616<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

LOVE TO CLEAN? LOVE MEETING NEW PEOPLE? WANTED Hard Working, Experienced Residental Cleaners. We are a Very Fun and Hard Working Team...We Have PART TIME OR FULL TIME.We need Hard Working, Friendly, Detailed Cleaners to join us and we are open 7 Days a week 8am to 6pm...Must be flexable with shifts and having a car to get from job to job as an asset. We cover Gas Top of Wage (Start is between 11.85 to 13.85 per hour based on experience). "
"

Looking for telemarketers to contact business's around the Lower Mainland. "
"

Looking for studio with Green Screen. Low budget, looking for weekend use. Thanks."
" resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com

Looking for someone with knowledge of the new updated Wordpress. This is to help me start my own blog/WS and showing me the tools to go off on my own. I am a newbie at this, so patience will need to be asked from the tutor. I have a very basic understanding, so getting started from the beginning will be helpful. If you think you have the patience and want to make a little cash on the side, please email me with a mini-bio. I can compensate $15 per hour including lunch or dinner at a local eatery or coffee shop, depending on the time we meet. I am guessing a few hours or max of 4-5 hours to get me on my way. Hope to find someone with a good knowledge of WP, and don't mind sharing a fellow future blogger some tips on this fun hobby. A character with humor doesn't hurt either. Thx for looking."
" careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com

Looking for someone who loves flowers. You will be selling flowers on the street at a flower kiosk downtown. "
"

Looking for someone who loves flowers. You will be selling flowers on the street at a flower kiosk downtown. "
"
 hr_marqui@gmail.com
Looking for skilled Tattoo artists who would be willing to come to Edmonton to earn good money and thrive in the industry up here.  I am looking for qualified and hard working people who are dedicated to their proffession.  Please enclose any qualifications and your experience within the industry. If you have any questions feel free to ask."
"

Looking for professonal host or hostess to work front of house."
" salesrep@itfrontdesk.com

Looking for person to carry out following duties."
"

looking for people to do stucco demo. Must be physically fit. Must have some knowledge in Construction field.  Applicants must have social insurance number."
" hr_marqui@gmail.com

Looking for male female models for tomorrrow " careers at securiguard dot com
" hr_marqui@gmail.com

Laborer required with experience in construction using power tools."
"

Job Title:VB6 Programmer / Developer"
" careers at securiguard dot com

JOB POSTING #253     RUSSELL HSG. CENTRE" victor@goldsgymbc.ca
"
 <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Job Opportunity " chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
"

Job Description"
"

Japanese Restaurant looking for part/full time servers with experienced "
"

ITFrontDesk is based in Nashville,TN and has customers throughout the US and Canada. Check out our products at www.itfrontdesk.com . Our products can be used by anyone who makes appointments and our customer list includes, but is not limited to: " dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
"

Is your deck need of repair?  or maybe you want to replace it?  I have over 15 years experience.  Quality installation, supreme looks, and i stand behind my work.  Get the job done before the big winter comes!"
"

Ironworker required for a structural steel installation.  Must have 5 years experience installing structural steel. You must have a current valid CWB all position ticket.   This is a full time position at various job sites throughout Metro Vancouver."
"

inlingua Vancouver, a busy and growing ESL school is looking for a professional and friendly person to join our sales and marketing team as a Korean Marketer/Counsellor. "
"

Implementation Consultants Ref# 10-164                                                                                                       "
"
 careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
Immediate opening at busy wide format digital print shop in Richmond.  Experience a definite asset, but willing to train the right person. "
" resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
 chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
I'm looking for a manager/ investor to operate a coffe shop/deli on the drive"
" salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com

Ideally  5 days a week 2/3 hours per day starting 8.00 am. ,but schedule is flexable.Duties include house cleaning,basic cooking/laundry and ironing.References Reqired." resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
"
 mhr85@shaaw.ca
ICBC Valet Express Shop in Burnaby requries a fourth year apprentice or journyman with ticket." info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
"

I&#65533;m a 32 yr old man living with cerebral palsy looking for part time independence facilitators. My personal interests include music, computer supported interactive activities and socializing with my friends. I need help with communication, socializing, facilitating independence and personal care at home and in the community. This position does include lifting at this time.  "
"

I would like to find someone COMPATIBLE who wants to live with me in my 3 bedroom waterfront condo for FREE* in return for DAILY motivation, advice, and accompaniment to gym for ONE YEAR.  You get your own PRIVATE bedroom and washroom.  Heat, hot water, electricity, in-suite laundry, and basic cable INCLUDED.  You would NOT receive any payment."
"

I need a math tutor that lives in surrey and can work with me for 2 hours a day tuesday and thursday"
"

I know hey!" victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
"
 mhr85@shaaw.ca
I have a cakePHP script. I need someone to teach me how to install it on shared hosting."
"

I am selling my 2004 freightliner tractor with job. route is hauling wood products from BC to WASHINGTON & OREGON states with SUPER B trailers"
"

I am looking for someone with a Class 1 Driver License who can drive a dump truck with a pony."
"

I am looking for female masseuse to provide body massage in a residence. "
" <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

I am just building my portfolio on portraits. You will get a chance of professionally photographed. "
"

Hours: Permanent, Full Time (40 hours/week) we offer part time too "
"

Hotel / Furnished Apartments rental office is currently looking for a university student experienced in copyrighting to update social media including Facebook and Twitter accounts, build content and respond to online comments and feedback from our customers." nwwf@shawbiz.ca
"

Honest, Reliable, Hardworking person (prefer Tagalog speaking) for House Cleaning position. Must have clean record, vehicle and references. Previous experience an asset." anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
" <!-- -->wbroadwaydental<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->

Home Support Worker Saturdays day shift from 9 am to 5:30 pm  for medical leave, with possible on call too." chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
" applications at plan dot ca

High profile corporation is holding executive meetings over the course of several days, primarily in the downtown core.  We are seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant with current experience doing minutes at executive level meetings.  Verbatim (shorthand) is not required but you must have done something similar in the recent past at a professional level (ie. government, corporate board meetings).  The meetings are in small groups of 5-6 people and will be held at hotels at the New West Quay, the Pinnacle on the North Shore and the Shangri-La in Downtown Vancouver.  The format is generally taking minutes from 10am to 11:45,  afternoon session from 1:00 to 2:45.  Some days will start at 8 am.  Client would like the same person for all the meetings in all 3 locations.  Dates are Nov. 16-17-18 (Tues-Thurs) and Nov. 23-24-25 (Tues-Thurs).  Only candidates with strong minute taking experience should apply - other resumes will not be considered.   Laptop and parking all provided."
"

Hi, we just finished renovations,and need somebody to vacuum, sweep, wipe down the whole house etc.  You are to provide all your cleaning materials and equipment.  I will pay you $10 extra for stuff like liquids, solvents, etc.  Rate will be $12/hour "
"
 <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Hi! "
"

Hi we are a family of four( two adults and two children 5 and 1) in n delta and are looking for a live in nanny or checking for other options. the position will start in march please call if you want more information 604-825-5422."
"

Hi there, Im a well rounded Handyman.  "
"
 info at deepssunshinecleaning dot com
Hi"
"

hey this is navpreet. if you need a baby sitter you can contact to me. i am available any time. and i can punjabi as well. but if you need help in any other course upto grade 7. you can contact to me @ 604 338 7834. thanks"
" <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->

Hey there, come work at shearwater" hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
"

Help us supply articles for our customers by becoming a writer at The Content Authority.  You will need a good grasp of the English language and use proper grammar and spelling.  Earn extra income and get paid on a weekly basis!  In order to apply, click on the following link:  http://thecontentauthority.com/application-writers.php"
"

Hello. I am a licensed electrical contractor that does work for a Western Canadian chain. I have a store coming up in Saskatchewan in a few weeks and another is Salmon Arm in January. The work is primarily surface emt from a 12 foot ladder. I would like someone who is reliable, good at what you do, safe, capable of limited supervision and willing to go out of town. Each store takes about 10-12 days working together at 10-12 hours/day. The stores aren't back to back, however I have a commercial building in North Van that is 98 years old that you can work at in between jobs. A bit of everything to do there, so if you are handy and willing and like this kind of work than please get in touch."
"

Helena Hair Salon on 15th Street on Lonsdale is Hiring a Hair Dresser! "
" info_at_wespacelectric_dot_com

Health and Nutrition Sales Consultant "
"

Health and Nutrition Sales Consultant " salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
"

Have you worked as a programmer in a credit union or bank?"
"
 <!-- -->jungcon1<!-- -->@<!-- -->hanmail<!-- -->net<!-- -->
Have you sold travel packages before? We want you! You've worked with the rest, now work with the best! " nwwf@shawbiz.ca
" <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

Hard - Working, Honest, Reliable Residental Cleaners Needed for a Busy Cleaning Team*****Part -Time or Full Time - Position can also grown into a Supervisor One as well. "
"

Guess by Marciano is hiring the holiday's at Oakridge Mall. "
" <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->

Greater Vancouver Community Services Society is currently looking for Casual Community Health Workers with the right combination of compassion, skills and dedication to assist our clients, including seniors and individuals with physical and mental disabilities. "
"

Greater Vancouver Community Services Society (GVCSS) is looking for a Full-time Licensed Practical Nurse to provide training and supervision to Community Health Workers in our Home Support Program.  GVCSS is a non-profit society that offers support services in the homes of eligible clients who have difficulty looking after themselves due to age, illness, or disabilities."
"

Great Money & Atmosphere!!! "
"

GREAT CAREER OPPORTUNITY FOR THE RIGHT PERSON:"
"

Grade 7 English & ESL Tutor Required" josie.bradley@bclupus.org
" coquitlambraces at gmail dot com

Gold's Gym fitness club in Richmond is interviewing and accepting applicnats for Sales consultant position to join our dynamic team."
"

Golden Boy Foods is a leading producer, marketer, and distributor of a wide variety of mainly private label food products, focused on healthier food categories and servicing both the U.S. and Canada. Products produced at our facility include baking and snacking nuts, raisins and other dried fruits. "
"

Go at your own speed.  Best value for the money.  $500 for the full course.  We prepare you with condensed notes, evening tutorials and practice exams.  With our material you will not have to even read the 1,000 page course book.  Call Sandra at 604-939-6666 to receive more information on our upcoming course schedule."
"
 childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
Go at your own speed.  Best value for the money.  $500 for the full course.  We prepare you with condensed notes, evening tutorials and practice exams.  With our material you will not have to even read the 1,000 page course book.  Call Sandra at 604-939-6666 to receive more information on our upcoming course schedule."
"

General Contractor and Construction Manager with 25 years of providing exceptional construction services in BC, "
"
 cranejobs4u at gmail dot com
FUTURE SHOP - WEST VANCOUVER - CAREER FAIR "
"

FUTURE SHOP - SEASONAL - WEST VANCOUVER "
"

Funky and Edgy new Yaletown restaurant opening soon!!  " resumes_at_yaletowninteriors_dot_com
"

Fundraiser needed for Documentary Film project with established independent director. We need someone who is passionate about women's rights, has an intrest in film, a creative thinker and would also be able to plan to fundraising events as well as regular fundraising efforts. Experience is helpful but not required. We are looking for someone to join a dedicated and passionate team . Compensation would be commision basis. So please send your resume, and a cover letter telling us about why your interested in the role and why you'd make a great part of our team!"
"

Full time receptionist needed to work at a friendly laid back office. Looking for someone that is organized and can multi task. Need at least one year dental experience to apply for this position."
" hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
 resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
Full time or Contract Opportunity" heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
" winnie-li24@hotmail.com

Full time automotive service writer position is available. Applicant must have a minimum of two years customer service experience. Automotive service experience is required. Canadian Tire offers competitive wages, medical and dental, profit sharing, staff discount and more.  Applicant must be willing to work weekends. Please send all resumes to above email address. Please no phone calls regarding this posting."
"
 victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
Friendly, mature individuals needed for house cleaning in Vancouver and Burnaby area for new cleaning company. "
"

Fraserway RV, Canada&#65533;s leading RV company with locations coast-to-coast, is seeking a Service Manager for our Delta Location.  "
" Joel-Vautour@mosaic.com

Framing contractor requires small crew to frame detached garage in Vancouver. Dimensions are 24 X 24 with 2 windows and door. Ideal for 2 skilled framers or small crew looking to fill an opening in their schedule. Contract price $1000 + HST. Reply to email above for more information."
" wb45@wokbox.ca

Four Days Per Week, Eight Hours Per Day" resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
"
 <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
FIDO is a great place to work. You can see it in our team members. The diversity of the FIDO team and their unique contributions sets us apart from the competition. Our success is based as much on our future friendly team as the innovative internet, voice, data and wireless products and solutions we offer. " resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
" anna_norrstrom@swimrecruiting.com
 ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
FIDO is a great place to work. You can see it in our team members. The diversity of the FIDO team and their unique contributions sets us apart from the competition. Our success is based as much on our future friendly team as the innovative internet, voice, data and wireless products and solutions we offer. "
"

fast paced environment/ good customer skills needed/ service and hospitality experience preferably/ multitasking ability/ teamwork skills needed/ committed, honest organized person/ responsible and reliable/ flexible hours"
"

Fast paced environment / kitchen skills needed / team work / committed / hard worker / responsible / honest and organized worker"
" chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
 <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->ascoaerospace<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Fast growing pet care company is looking for a full-time worker who can do part-time management work."
"

F/T CDA with light receptionist duties required for progressive W. Broadway office.  Must be friendly, team player, quick learner, self-motivated with good social and communication skills.  Office hours 4-5 days a week from 8-5, no weekends. Must have at least one year experience.  Please e-mail Resume to: wbroadwaydental@gmail.com or to link above,  Thank you."
"

F/T CDA needed for very new state of the art dental office w/ computer charting & the works.  Must be fluent in english & have interest in oral surgery.  Schedule incl 2 evenings per wk and 2 Sat/month to start. Might incl more Sat later. For now office is open Tues - Fri (with a couple of Sat) and in the future will be open Mon to Sat.  Pls forward resume w/ cover letter. The right candidate will have training provided. Very close to major bus routes, free parking and shops nearby."
"
 job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
Express Employment Professionals in Delta/ Richmond is recruiting for our Vancouver client for an In-House/ Field Service Technician for food related equipment.   He/ she will be performing repairs to equipment as required and providing customers with guidance as to the operation and maintenance of their equipment.   This is a long term permanent position, not a short term position."
"

Experienced signmaker wanted for growing Port Coquitlam sign company. Minimum 5 years sign industry experience. " service@derosaauto.ca
"

Experienced Pro Shop attendant required Part time -  leading to full time"
"

Experienced Chef/Kitchen manager required promptly for trendy new proprietary restaurant opening soon in Chilliwack. This would be an incredible opportunity for the right individual who wants to create and convert their passions into awesome, over the top cuisine. "
"

Experience Great! No Experience, No Problem!! "
"

Experience at Reconciliations and calculations for individual property management accounts. "
"

EXP'D PARTS COUNTER SALES PERSON Needed. Must have excellent computer knowledge and be able to work in a fast paced environment. Must be a friendly and outgoing team player. Customer service skills must be excellent. "
"

EXPANSION!! BRAND NEW LOCATION " cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
"

Excellent opportunity for an experienced salon consultant/beauty supply rep.  Sales experience in the beauty industry an asset."
"

Excavating company requires experienced pipe layers....please have experience in Sanitary, Storm and Waterline" resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
"

Estetician required with exp( must know threading) start $13/hr ,call 604-767-7283."
"

Entry level Sales and Marketing. No experience necessary. Must have a desire to introduce innovative HEMP Products to a prospective audience. "
"

Entry level position available for a junior parts man, in a growing import dealership. Automotive knowledge and computer experience an asset. Please submit resume. " info@wespacelectric.com
"

Entry Level Marketing Positions"
"

Electrical company looking to hire a journeyman electrician with knowledge of fire alarm systems " cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
"

Due to rapid growth, we currently have several openings for the role of Financial Services Representative. This is a self-employment opportunity. The successful candidates will build their own financial practice through networking and establishing long-term relationships with clients by helping their customers achieve their financial goals. The focus is on financial planning - both risk management and wealth accumulation. "
"

Due to growth! this busy, well established company located in Tilbury Industrial Park(Delta), requires a Sales Order Desk/CSR with MACHINING experience. Company boasts many long-term staff. "
"

Drywall Installer With tools"
"

Downtown food court store is looking for a kitchen helper to work from 6:30am-1:00pm, Monday to Saturday. "
"

Documentary film by established independent film maker is looking for a fundraiser who will also be needed to plan to fundraising events. This position is one where you will work from home in connection with others working on project. Compensation will be a percentage of all funds raised. This position is excellent for someone who is looking for more experience in either the film industry or event planning/ fundraising industry. Please send resume and cover letter to above craigslist email. Thank you."
" bloggerjob at hotmail dot com

Do you need a change? We need a Hairstylist!"
" steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca

DO YOU HAVE YOUR FORKLIFT CERTIFICATION?"
" <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->

Direct Promotions & Customer Service"
"

Dick&#65533;s Lumber in Burnaby is looking for a detail oriented, professional and experienced individual to join our team as a Replenisher Clerk. "
" hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
 applications@plan.ca
Details: Middle Beach Lodge is seeking a hard working, self motivated and disciplined person to fill the position of Kitchen manager on the Wild West Coast. This unique position requires applicant to have background in cooking and front of house but also ability to fill in other management roles at lodge especially during the off season."
"

Description: Our client located in Vancouver is looking for an experienced SharePoint administrator to join their team on a permanent basis."
"

Delta company is looking for a permanent full-time Payroll Manager to join their team.  "
"

Darchin Grill+Bar is looking for highly skilled,and professional servers, and a bartender, and hostess. A true desire to satisfy the needs of our customers in a fast paced environment, and refined verbal communication skills is a must.At Datchin we strive to create an unforgettable dining experience for our patrons. "
"

Danube European Restaurant is looking for P/T Line Cook. "
"

DANUBE - European Restaurant has opening for a P/T dishwasher /Kitchen Helper for weekends only."
"

Currently recruiting for a Temp Payroll Assistant for one of our clients in downtown Vancouver. Hours: 7AM - 3PM or 7:30AM - 3:30PM (need to be flexible for occasional 6AM start). 40 hours per week"
" nwwf@shawbiz.ca
 <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Currently looking for Marketing Business Development staff. This is a home-based business. It is suitable for those who are looking to earn extra income. This is a great opportunity to earn potential income without paying any training course or any hidden cost ! We train you and provide all information and equipments you need. No need to do cold calls ! The office is in Vancouver, BC"
" victor@goldsgymbc.ca

Currently hiring for the position of food equipment tech. Experience an asset but will seriously consider some one with some mechanical and/or electrical experience."
" hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca

Cultured Marketing Manager,"
"

Coquitlam Pub is looking for experience manager." info_at_pwccommunitycollege_dot_com
"

Cook for fast food Chinese operation. Must be reliable and have experience."
"

Control Room Operator"
" merchandising_at_responsesolutions_dot_ca

Configuration Management Analyst Ref# 10-163                                                                                                       "
"

Confident Cleaner Needed Now!!!) "
"

Concord Security Corporation is actively looking for new employees for it's growing team! We are currently offering positions at these types of locales:" <!-- -->trishb<!-- -->@<!-- -->rogers<!-- -->blackberry.net<!-- -->
"

Computer parts distributor looking for individual (s) to sell and market our unique computer accessories. Must be fluent in English. Computer hardware knowledge is preferred. Second language is an asset. Cold calls will be required. We have the tangible products for you to sell and market. Please forward resume with covering letter on the body of email. "
"

Compassionate, experienced, qualified, and certified care giver available full-time or part-time daily, evenings, or live-in to help in your home with companionship, mobility, homemaking, meal preparation, and personal care. Very competitive rate."
"

Commune Cafe is hiring! "
"

Colour Time Printing and Digital Imaging is seeking a Digital Production Specialist to join our team."
" <!-- -->firstaveliquor<!-- -->@<!-- -->shaw<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

Coffee shop in downtown Vancouver has vacancy for experienced baristas. If you have a flexible and fully open schedule (specially all month of December) to take different shifts in the morning, afternoon or evening during the week and weekends, are fluent in English language and have previous working experience (6 months or more) in a coffee shop with manual espresso machine, we want to hear from you. Hours are from 7 am to 7 pm daily. "
" salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com

COBS Bread Kerrisdale is looking for a dynamic, energetic, go getter to join our sales team.  We are one of the busiest COBS in the country and our store has a great fast paced and exciting atmosphere.  We are looking for a people person who can compliment our already strong team.  Please include a resume and cover letter with your response or apply in person to Mike before 10 am Wednesday thru Sunday."
"

CNC Operator" <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"
 <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
Cleaning and Some Childcare"
" careers@contacservices.com

CityXpress is a leading supplier of innovative programs designed to deliver compelling value to media companies and advertisers. "
"

Chilliwack/ Abbotsford- Help consumers get their home ready for the Holidays! Novemeber-December!"
"
 applications at plan dot ca
Chief Compliance Officer Position Available Immediately"
"

Chef needed for FINE DINING RESTAURANT to work for full time "
"

Character Designer / Illustrator / Toys Toys Toys"
"

CDA WITH Orthodontic Module needed for mat leave starting Jan 2011.  Monday-Thursday and one Saturday a month.  Must have 2 years exp. We are looking for a CDA with a great attitude and excellant work ethics.  Please forward resume along with cover letter and any supporting references."
"

CCL is currently looking for a happy motivated barista." josie.bradley@bclupus.org
"

Carter&#65533;s OshKosh "
"

Carpenter required for new construction and renovation.Must have transportation and basic power tools." chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
"

Capers Whole Foods Market is the ongoing creation of a talented team of passionate, conscientious and community-minded folks. We're keen to learn together, foster relationships and help our neighbours discover and enjoy the healthy benefits of local, organic products and ideas. We enjoy quietly (sometimes not so quietly) breaking new ground in customer and community service. " chg11920_at_gmail_dot_com
" childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
 gmathiesen at quayproperty dot net
Canada's largest 100% Canadian owned Building Maintenance Company is currently seeking highly motivated Cleaners for work in North Vancouver. We currently need two part-time employees, or one full-time employee to work Monday through Friday. Although not required, preference will be given to candidates with proven cleaning experience. This is an exciting opportunity to enter into an established industry and respected company. "
" hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca

Canada's largest 100% Canadian owned Building Maintenance Company is currently seeking a highly motivated Cleaner for work in Port Coquitlam. This position is for the night shift, Monday through Friday from 10pm until 7am. Although not required, preference will be given to candidates with proven cleaning experience. This is an exciting opportunity to enter into an established industry and respected company. "
"
 144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
Can someone sell me a copy of the program they have built for oodle.com? It needs to send queries to meet the search requests and work with my mysql database and the site is built in php. Thanks, Calen. I want a warranty for at least 6 months that it will work or you will fix glitches for the price I pay originally. The code should notes in it so another developer can figure it out if need be. I don't need source code just a one time fee license to use it with no renewal fees. I don't want anyone to build it from scratch. It also needs to work with our email notification and gps locate tool."
"

Calling Residential Homes for Gutter Cleaning Company." Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
"

call 7787720601 mike or email us."
"

Busy, clean and well run repair shop looking for technicians. Monday to Friday (8:00am &#65533; 5:30pm). Over 30 years in business, BCAA Certified,  BBB & ARA Members.  Applicants must have your own tools and a desire to make money&#65533;&#65533; Experience and a positive attitude is a must. Top pay in the industry. We love what we do and we want more people on our team that love to help others with their vehicles. Want to work with the best shop on the North Shore? www.derosaauto.ca"
"

Busy Rheumatology office is seeking Part-Time Medical Receptionist." job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
" victor at goldsgymbc dot ca
 <!-- -->careers<!-- -->@<!-- -->pcis<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Busy growing company looking for an individual to join our company. "
" chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca
 careers_at_pcis_dot_com
Busy Greek Restaurant in Ladner recruiting experienced Servers.   Looking for team players comfortable in a fast-paced environment.  Must have previous restaurant experience and own transportation."
"

Busy drywall company seeking willing individuals for a general labor position. Duties include general swamping and riding with the truck driver to pick up material. Must be able to lift heavy objects." hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
"
 mgurumet at futureshop dot com
Busy drywall company seeking experienced drywall finishers for immediate work. Motivated and reliable individuals only please as this may lead to future opportunities. We are a team oriented company with a positive attitude and therefore expect the same from applicants. Own transportation an asset."
"

Busy aggregate hauling company, based out of Coquitlam, is hiring drivers for on-call work. "
"

Busy aggregate company has an opening for a General & Civil Construction Estimator. Marine Experience would be very helpful. " dfrederickson_at_restorationhardware_dot_com
"

Business Analyst for Credit Union needed"
" <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

BroadbandTV (BBTV) is a media & technology company (with Headquarters located in Vancouver, BC) that creates compelling distribution and monetization opportunities for its content partners, and income generation opportunities for its network and advertising partners.  To achieve the above goals, we have employed various multimedia search algorithms to find user-uploaded copies of videos on popular platforms such as YouTube.  "
"

Brentwood Florists located in Brentwood Town Centre is looking for an experienced floral designer/Sales Associate  "
"

Boston Pizza New West is looking for experienced hosts to join our outstanding team! The ideal candidate will be able to work well in a fast paced environment, be outgoing and proffesional, and most importantly have that winning personality. "
"

Beehive Holdings "
"

BC&#65533;s leading organic and fair-trade coffee company is now hiring Baristas for its Main St. location. If you're passionate about a great cup of coffee, have superior customer service skills and work well with a team, we would like to her from you.  Barista skills a definite asset, but will train."
"

BC based company (http://mills.ca/about-us.html) seeking an IT professional to help with internal customers (staff) and external customers."
"
 careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
Based in Richmond, B.C. software development company is looking for the intermediate QA engineer who will be responsible for testing our web and mobile applications. The successful candidate will be able to use various techniques to generate comprehensive test cases; and be adept at quickly finding problems and documenting them in well-written defect reports. It is a full-time permanent position."
"
 enquiries_at_aquaesulis-spa_dot_com
AVAILABLE POSITION "
"

Autobox Media is seeking applications from intermediate PHP developers for a short-term (3-6 month) contract. "
"

Attention Students"
"

As a department leader, the manger will offer guidance, coaching and assistance to team of direct reports and department to deliver a consistent exemplary customer service and satisfaction in the most efficient and effective manner. This position will be involved with all aspects of department planning, coordinating and scheduling to meet customer needs and company goals."
"

Armitage & Associates Chiropractic Group is located in the heart of Kitsilano, and has been serving this community for over 22 years. We specialize in the diagnosis and treatment of muscle and joint pain syndromes and sports related injuries using evidence based treatment procedures and protocols.  Armitage & Associates sees a wide variety of patient population, from the recreational athlete to the Olympic level competitor, and we are always accepting new patients.  We offer a well established, high volume office with exceptional room for growth, self-direction and practice building alongside the doctors and office staff. "
" job_wgkva-2047163377@craigslist.org
 careers_at_goldenboyfoods_dot_com
Are you working towards a career in Food Service?" sf2605 at gmail dot com
"

Are you tired of working nights?" applications at plan dot ca
"

Are you looking for a Fun and EXCITING new way to earn extra money and expand your social network? We may have the opportunity for you! "
"
 hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
Are you a style-savvy web marketer? Are you a keen, details-oriented event planner?" cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
"
 careers at securiguard dot com
Aquae Sulis Holistic Spa is looking to hire a Part Time Esthetician and Receptionist . "
"

Applicants will work with students in small groups of 2-4, facilitating the development of their ESL conversation/writing/listening.  Applicants are to establish a friendly, enjoyable atmosphere conducive to learning, while maintaining academic standards."
"

Applicant must have minimum 5 years fully licensed experience and be skilled in scan tool/lab scope diagnostics.  Aircare and Provincial Inspectors certificates are an asset. Applicant must have their own tools. Canadian Tire offers competitive wages, medical and dental, profit sharing, staff discount and more. Applicant must be willing to work weekends. Please send all resumes to above email address. Please no phone calls regarding this posting."
"

Apex Wireless is currently looking for a full-time administrative assistant." <!-- -->apply<!-- -->@<!-- -->u-man<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
"

Animation studio looking for an experienced Production Manager to lead the production team of a second season of an established 2D animated TV series."
" hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
 <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
An established ESL school in Surrey is seeking a TOC to cover classes on an on-call basis. The TOC will cover teachers who are sick, have taken 1-2 days off, and may include longer (2-3 weeks) staff holidays. "
"

Amix Salvage & Sales, Surrey"
"

Amix Salvage & Sales, Surrey" careers at securiguard dot com
"

Amix Salvage & Sales" <!-- -->blair<!-- -->@<!-- -->mills<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
" nwwf@shawbiz.ca

After School Tutoring Centre in Abbotsford is looking for a Englih and Math Tutor for Grade 1 to 7 ASP. The lessons are conducted at the centre after the regular school hours. You will be responsible for tutoring students in small groups. Monday to Thursday 4:00pm to 7:00pm."
"
 careers at visioncritical dot com
Accounting Firm requires a receptionist /office admin person immediately on a full time basis.  Duties include reception. administrative duties, and light accounting duties.  Excellent opportunity for advancement."
"

Accounting & Administration Assistant -- 1 year contract"
"

Accountant recquired for Surrey/Delta Public Accounting Office. Must be a self starter. Fluency in English and Tamil recquired. Must have a thorough knowledge in Simply Accounting, Quick Books, Caseware/Caseview, Database Software, New views, Tax related softwares etc. "
"

Account Manager/Inside Sales/Estimating: " careers_at_pcis_dot_com
"

Accepting applications for Residential Youth Workers, shifts range from 24-72hrs."
"

About us:"
"

About Tidal "
"

ABA therapist/tutor needed in the Abbotsford area to work one-to-one with our 5 year old child who has autism, in a home-based ABA program. "
"

A well established professional Electrical Contracting Company requires a highly organized and strongly driven Electrical Estimator."
"

A unique opportunity exists for service-oriented individuals interested in educating future salon professionals in Aveda products and techniques at the Aveda Vancouver Institute. This position will include preparing and teaching a curriculum to students that reflects current industry standards. The instructor will serve as a resource for all staff members and students while exemplifying strong leadership skills at the Aveda Institute. "
"

A large enterprise TEKsystems client is currently in need of a developer to join the team in order to update two proprietary applications. This is an ideal role for those who are looking for the opportunity to manage critical projects and gain exposure to new technologies. "
" bmartin_at_aerotek_dot_com

A great money-making opportunity. An exiting dynamic environment. The latest technology. Sounds good? Then Future Shop is the place for you. We've created a lively, high-energy workplace! Join our team and have some fun! "
" hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca

a full time experienced Dental Receptionist to start immidiately is needed in a north Vancouver office."
" mhr85@shaaw.ca

A dynamic and growing real estate office in Richmond has an immediate opening for two part-time Sales Assistants. " resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
" info at deepssunshinecleaning dot com

A dynamic and growing real estate office in Richmond has an immediate opening for a part-time office assistant. "
" <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->

A coffee shop is looking for manager trainee " minsuk80_at_hotmail_dot_com
"

A 24 hours American style Restaurant hiring "
"

."
" hr.vancouver@aldeasa.ca
 childcarejobs_at_vanymca_dot_org
*Cactus Club Cafe employs EightSix Network to find job candidates and accepts applications online using 86network.com"
"

*Cactus Club Cafe employs EightSix Network to find job candidates and accepts applications online using 86network.com"
"

*Cactus Club Cafe employs EightSix Network to find job candidates and accepts applications online using 86network.com"
"

*** THIS IS NOT A SALARIED POSITION OR JOB ***"
"

*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php "
" <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->

*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php "
"
 salesrep_at_itfrontdesk_dot_com
*** If you are interested in this position we only accept applications through: http://www.howesound.net/employment-opportunities.php" nwwf@shawbiz.ca
" <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
 <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"
" Joel.Vautour@mosaic.com
 nwwf@shawbiz.ca
"
"
 maharajacatering@yahoo.ca
"
"

"
" chuck.vanderlee@shaw.ca

"
"

"
" steve_lesway@mollymaid.ca

" careers at visioncritical dot com
"

"
"

"
"

"
"

"
" lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com

"
"

"
"

"
"

" applications@plan.ca
"

"
"

" <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
"

"
"

"
" resumes@fraserway.com
 ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
"
"

"
"
 lawfirm2000 at hotmail dot com
"
-Work on multiple design briefs to create inventive, demographically targeted graphics, illustrations and designs from initial through to final design concepts
- Willing to travel 3 or more times a year
- Willing to travel 3 or more times a year
We are located across from the Renfrew skytrain station.
Understanding of the importance of product & retail industry knowledge 
Understanding of the importance of product & retail industry knowledge 
Understanding of the importance of product & retail industry knowledge  coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
- Team management and human resource skills, including overseeing company&#65533;s performance/efficiency. 
- Strong Quality Assurance skills &#65533; able to review work and thoroughly test out the project to ensure all features are effectively working 
Strong organization skills 
Strong attention to details
- Strong academic background. If you have any standardized test score to prove, include it in your resume. We expect you to get over 90% of your major-related test. 
Strictly follow cutting marker as specified by the cutting manager
RESPONSIBILITIES
Requirements:
Requirements
Qualifications:
- Provide advice about merchandise, Provide cost estimates on products/services, 
Properly operate the manual cutting knife in order to cut fabrics and other materials accurately
- Promptly follow up on all e-mails &#65533; even if you can&#65533;t answer a question address key concerns 
Professionalism & strong communication skills 
Professionalism & strong communication skills 
Professionalism & strong communication skills  Tim dot Gendreauassistant at investorsgroup dot com
Previous garment cutting experiences
- Positive, friendly and polite personality!
- Planning, scheduling and assigning of all maintenance activities &#65533; Mechanical and Electrical. 
- Planning &#65533; read over wireframes, understand project goals and objectives 
- part time or full time (must be able to work 3 shifts minimum with flexible availability) <!-- -->killerwhit<!-- -->@<!-- -->gmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Pacific Coast Information Systems team is looking forward to seeing your resume. ydoyasushi_at_gmail_dot_com
Other Requirements: 
Operate cutting knife according to company regulation and safety standard 
- notify supervisor of any items needing repair, or replacement; or of any incidents that occur
- Must possess a valid driver's license and with a good driving record.  administration_at_tagconsulting_dot_ca
Must have some experience in this work.
- Must have previous Children&#65533;s writing experiences for animated TV shows, preferably on a comedy or action based show
- Must have knowledge of Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, etc.). 
- Must have experience writing for the 6-9 age group, 11 minute episodes or equivalent
- Must have a valid BC driver's license and a safe driving record (5 years history with no accidents) acceptable to employer mhr85@shaaw.ca
- Must have 5 years of customer sales experience.  alder-medical.clinic@telus.net
- Must be able to complete paperwork; Driver logbook, Vehicle Inspection Report (pre-trip/post-trip),   Maintenance and repair reports, Accident or incident reports 
- Must attain P&C license within specified time period 
MS Windows Server 2008 2 - 4 years 
- Minimum of three (3) years of administrative experience
- Minimum of three (3) years of administrative experience
- Minimum of +1 year of sales / marketing experience
- Minimum of +1 year of sales / marketing experience
- Mid 40K range
- Manage production meetings &#65533; send agendas in advance, work with clients to get feedback and implement changes 
- Manage all themeing &#65533; convert Photoshop files into cross browser html & CSS 
- make suggestions to your supervisor in how your position can be performed in a more efficient way (we're very open to hearing from you - we want to know how you can do the best job possible)
Job Qualifications Include:  <!-- -->jobs<!-- -->@<!-- -->dickslumber<!-- -->com<!-- -->
Job Qualifications Include: 
- Ideally, you will have 5 or more years of supervisory experience within a manufacturing facility as well as:
- Have experience with Windows 2003/2008 Servers, Active Directory (including internal and external DNS), virtualization technologies, Exchange 2003/2007/2010 as well as other solutions  mobilicityfraser@hotmail.com
- have basic knowledge of the company and it's eco-friendly policies
- have a minimum of 3 years bar tending experience 
- have a minimum of 1 year restaurant experience  gary at quayproperty dot net
- Grade 12 Diploma 
General facility repairs (HVAC, electrical, dock repairs, plumbing, material handling equipment, fire alarm, sprinkler systems, racking systems, etc), preventative maintenance, and project work will also be part of the everyday job. We are looking for a mature, hand&#65533;s on individual with a willingness to do whatever it takes to keep our facility operational.
- Gassfitter's License (Class B)
- Functionality &#65533; test logic and functionality to ensure that the sites are working according to the wire frames 
for active male living in the downtown area. resumes@pro-claimrestoration.com
Experience with merchandising plans & inventory control 
Experience with merchandising plans & inventory control  nwwf@shawbiz.ca
Experience with merchandising plans & inventory control  <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
email your resume or phone and leave a message
Driven and Passionate - Whatever it takes to get the job done 
Driven and Passionate - Whatever it takes to get the job done 
Driven and Passionate - Whatever it takes to get the job done 
- Document code &#65533; document code and follow project management strategy 
Cutter  careers_at_pcis_dot_com
- Cross browser &#65533; test all projects on IE6 &#65533; 8, Firefox and Safari and on Macs and PCs 
- Creating all pertinent shipping documentation (FCC, MSDS, Cert of Origin, & B-13a&#65533;s) and arranging the shipment of goods to domestic and international customers 
- Continue to grow as a developer, learn about new technologies as they come up, and research different tools. Some sample ideas might include: 
- Content loading &#65533; loading all content for the sites  <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
- Consulting with Canada&#65533;s leading corporations, associations, meeting and CICADTechnologies_at_gmail_dot_com
Commitment to exceptional customer service 
Commitment to exceptional customer service 
Commitment to exceptional customer service 
- Browser compatibilities: Webkit, Mozilla, IE7-9 and graceful feature degradation
- ave a minimum of 3 years restaurant experience 
As a Journeyman Refrigeration Mechanic, you will conduct planned and preventative maintenance, installations and repairs for our valued clients. You will provide exceptional customer service, with an emphasis on quality workmanship and professionalism.  There will be occasional on-call responsibilities and overtime. Periodic travel may be required.
Arc&#65533;teryx hires on the basis of merit and is committed to Employment Equity.
- Able to travel to student's resident
- Able to take a Photoshop source file and translate it into a pixel perfect web site that works across browsers (IE, Firefox, Safari) and works across platform (PC & Mac).  coquitlambraces at gmail dot com
- Able to commit to at least 6 months  servicesresearch at yahoo dot ca
Ability to work independently 
Ability to set and achieve sales goals to maximize profitability 
Ability to set and achieve sales goals to maximize profitability 
Ability to set and achieve sales goals to maximize profitability 
- Ability to read existing 1001 Nights and Arabian Nights literature and interpret that into a relevant and modern comedy piece for children
- Ability to lead kids' activities 
Ability to lead and inspire a team of associates 
Ability to lead and inspire a team of associates 
Ability to lead and inspire a team of associates 
A minimum of 1 year of retail management experience  hdhatt at gvcss dot bc.ca
A minimum of 1 year of retail management experience 
A minimum of 1 year of retail management experience  bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
- 6 months or more related experience hdhatt_at_gvcss_dot_bc.ca
- 3-6 month training program starting with hostessing and then expediting
- 3-5 years RV service management experience with increasing level of responsibility
- 3 year or more work experience in web design field.
2-5 Years experience, preferably in foodservice, with both client and agency side history
- 24 hrs and be on call. 
- 2 or more years experience developing Drupal web sites  service@derosaauto.ca
* Submitting annual reports to the board of directors, for the purpose of accessing compliance with securities legislation bloggerjob at hotmail dot com
* reporting to the ultimate designated person of the firm, if the firm or individual acting on its behalf, may be in non-compliance with securities legislation
* monitoring and assessing compliance by the firm, and individuals acting on its behalf, with securities legislation
* establishing and maintaining policies and procedures for assessing compliance by firm with securities legislation
*   Strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills
*   Providing exceptional service to every customer and adhering to service standards
*   Proficiency in computer operations <!-- -->kjh0127<!-- -->@<!-- -->hotmail<!-- -->com<!-- -->
*   Post Secondary education preferred but not essential
*   Multilingualism is an asset
*   Keeping the store and product/accessory displays clean, neat and organized <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
*   Experience in wireless or consumer electronics is an asset
*   Ensuring that any cash overages or shortages are reported according to company policy
*   Completing all company assigned training in a timely manner
*   Assisting management in organizing stockroom and managing inventory
*   Assisting in opening and closing the store according to established procedures
*   Actively selling to achieve or surpass assigned product and accessory sales goals
*   2+ years experience in retail with proven success achieving sales quota and customer satisfaction targets
&#65533; Basic computer and internet skills are a must  <!-- -->turningbrakes<!-- -->@<!-- -->yahoo<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
&#65533; Basic computer and internet skills are a must 
&#65533;    A Level 2 apprentice or higher  
&#65533;    A Commercial Transport Mechanic&#65533;s ticket
- $10 per hour training if needed. 
We are looking for someone with a strong track record in either sales or management, but we are willing to train the right candidate with the right attitude.  Our management trainee&#65533;s make $40K-$60K their first year, and $70-$80K after that.  We have weekly training and follow up system and only promote from within based on performance, not seniority. 
We are looking for someone who is serious about their career.  They know that what they put into it they are going to get out of it.  They also know that the company they are looking for is well established.   They want a company that cares about their success, and is dedicated to personal growth, and professional development.  
-  Typing speed 40- 50 wpm
Open to reflexology, physio, chiropracter etc... cdecouto_at_nsb_dot_com
- Exceptional communication skills on the phone 
- Excellent team-minded attitude/ Strong team player  144-WebTech@hiredesk.net
event planners to find the right speaker, trainer or entertainer for their event
American Income is a supplemental benefit provider for union members.  We strictly enforce no-prospecting. Positions within our company include:
Pacific Coast Information Systems is a leading provider of Information Technology Systems in Canada.  PCIS is pleased to be recruiting a Configuration Management Analyst for our client&#65533;s development team in Vancouver.   
Pacific Coast Information Systems is a leading provider of Information Technology Systems in Canada.  PCIS is pleased to be recruiting a Configuration Management Analyst for our client&#65533;s development team in Vancouver.   
industry resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
and our industry 
Past experience working in a restaurant
Hard working and enthusiastic <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
A passion for working with people
* Works collaboratively and effectively within a team of peers. Typically requires that incumbents attend work at the office and typically works during business hours (between 6 am to 5 pm) Monday through Friday.
* Working knowledge of management practices including providing meaningful and effective coaching, hiring, performance management and performance reviews is required.
* Resolves difficult client issues which can encompass contacting the client on a regular basis until issue is resolved, assigning a point of contact for the client and ensuring client is comfortable with the solutions provided.
* Requires very strong listening, verbal and written communication skills. Requires the ability to effectively manage tense or confrontational situations. Presentation ability and the ability to effectively lead meetings are required. <!-- -->info<!-- -->@<!-- -->miles<!-- -->ca<!-- -->
* Requires the ability to exercise discretion and make decisions without definitive guidance or direction. Ability to weigh pros and cons of decision and balance the needs to the individual/employee with the needs of the organization. resumes at jacobsensecretarial dot com
* Requires strong working knowledge of common desktop applications such as word processing applications, spreadsheets and database applications.
* Requires 8-10+ years experience in management, call center or service industry leadership and/or equivalent combination of education and experience. BA/BS or equivalent preferred.
* Provides feedback to management and works closely with other managers to develop and deploy department and company initiatives/projects.
* Protect company proprietary and confidential information heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
* Promotes and supports the Sage Principles on a daily basis.
* Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster.
* Prefer work experience in accounting, construction management, property management, estimating, MIS, software support or finance totaling three years or more. mhr85@shaaw.ca
* Please, no phone calls about this job!
* Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.
* Other duties as assigned
* Must have the ability to effectively work with and guide cross-functional teams in collaborative environment. The ability to effectively identify and partner with stakeholders and internal service providers and to aid in the resolution of conflicts is required.
* Manages the day-to-day activities of customer support staff. Monitors performance, surfaces and addresses performance issues, conducts performance reviews, provides staff with professional guidance and/or partners with staff in developing professional development plans and actively engages in the hiring process.
* Location: North Burnaby
* Directly assists staff with complex, contentious or particularly challenging calls. May participate in researching calls, responding to requests for information or requests for specialized support from clients.
* Demonstrated ability to respond effectively to multiple conflicting priorities, continuously prioritize and reprioritize deliverables and to respond to unexpected changes is required. <!-- -->maria<!-- -->@<!-- -->saltspringcoffee<!-- -->com<!-- -->
* Coordinates with other managers and operations to ensure that adequate staff is available on any given day to support call volumes.
* Constantly monitors front line and back line call volumes by working with Operations and with customer support staff to balance and deploy staff to cover peak call volumes.
* Compensation: $13 to start or depending on experience
* Actively quality monitors staff to help aide in their development.  Creates action plans for continued excellence and for improvement. Monitors progress and works to identify areas of difficulty in individual learning and to determine ways to provide additional coaching, mentoring or training. sitar8_at_telus_dot_net
* Ability to accurately interpret and apply Sage and departmental policy and procedures. heidi_at_managing_dot_ca
minimum wage + Good Tips (include tip you may get total $12~$23 per hour, depend on business.) 
10~30 hours/week 
OR
must be able to work on Mondays 3:30p-7:30p & or Thursdays 3:30p-7:30p <!-- -->hr<!-- -->@<!-- -->arcteryx<!-- -->com<!-- -->
